their expertise
knowledge of solutions, quality of the collaboration
Yammer used by the company in phase pilot project integration and merger of the networks.
Consideration in the renewal 2016 dimension 'preventive action' to reduce the run
Mission short but very professional, with provision of deliverables expected.
Execution speed understanding of the capacity need to meet need reactivity
Context Center BI / INFRASTRUCTURE / MICROSOFT: Exchange and RETEX teams on BI MICROSOFT products and solutions.
The intervener has a good experience of the subject. It is pragmatic, takes into account our needs, chreche to solve our problems, a frank and honest manner.
The technical level of MCS and their ability to listen and understand the problems, without a priori on the causes of these problems.
The knowledge on the set of oriented Microsoft products company as well as the experience of architecture similar to that of Air France/KLM.
The various meetings of information on new products like Windows 10 and all amenities around.
Very present MCS and is involved in order to guide us on strategic choices
The skills on Microsoft technologies and in particular on the new tools.
advice tailored to our context.
study architecture Exchange + first
RAAS for Lync S4B
EMS solutions
Remediation Exchange and operating DPM
Bi
Clear intervention report
The rapid response to the needs and the quality of the updated profiles in place to accompany us.
perfect integration of the CCMS in the MINDEF
Deployment of Office 365 at Coliposte
Council for integration of SCCM2012 study and presentation of the benefits of the public cloud for the collaborative
very professional and responsive
The reactivity and the level of technical expertise.
Very good advice. It was quickly the people who talk. The understanding of our problems is fast, and that, in the health sector, it is very important.
The proposals of services and eLearning projects and specific architectures. Example: secure messaging of health, virtualization.
Common reflection of the Group's work telemedicine GT9 under CAIH
They are professionals !
Good understanding of our needs, responsiveness to organize demonstrations sessions / discoveries of solutions. The availability of interlocutors and the quality of the exchanges
The involvement and support of Microsoft on the deployment of Microsoft solutions in an OnPrem context
Communication on the content of the CAIH programme (update of the catalogue of products offered, results and feedback from clients on deliverables or workshops and technical accompaniments). Information about accompanying experiments by Microsoft clients CAIH.
Convince the high leaders of the BNPP group
to begin: have an account manager.
We urgently need a local (Germany based) (Key) Account Manager/Team to shorten communication and support ways. It is vital to have a contact person physically near to our location in case of emergency and also to easen the communication (language).  
Very good contacts with the team in charge of the account of my direction, rich and very constructive Trade Relations - an only less that does not affect this team but rather the support first to know better monitoring of a declared incident (not having to make stimulus - be kept regularly informed of the progress in the resolution)
Continue the close interaction with its clients to better present its new products.
we expect better integration with our existing environment: Cisco, Oracle, 3D Design software.. .
This is a broad question! It would probably require that we work more as a team integrated.
The immediate, collaborative work with Microsoft is a very satisfactory level. They are proactive to propose axes of development, communication, d innovation...
Make the relationship with the new team
More Flexible contractually for Azure and more Open for Office 365
More easily allow its customers to go back to the product teams Azure customer needs
provided real solutions for "private" CLOUDs
Lower costs!
Lower costs Azure
lowest price
If you could stop harrassing me with surveys of this kind, it would be great.
Relevance and maturity of its ERP offerings to large accounts supported by the reputation and growing presence of your Dynamics CRM. Show the same level of integration between CRM and your ERP, back into the world of eCommerce and enterprise portals in order to offer 360 in the company...
Being more listening to the suggestions of customers
More reliability and taken into account near the customer's needs
A better consideration of the strategy of our group. A contribution on the State of the art of the market of the working environment.
More involvement / understanding of IT Operations in relateion with the software/cloud offering
Provides more presentations/training administrators (and not politicians makers)
Price of licences and services Collaboration on innovation monitoring King
Innovation.
Better communicate all your innovations, all your "facilitation"
further integration and design/ergonomics of collaborative applications (mail, com instant, Gol, CSR...)
An impeccable level of software integration on non-Microsoft systems (ex: Outlook and Office Mac and iOS at the same level as their equivalent Windows and Surface).
Better integration of solutions in heterogeneous environment.
better integration with other collaboration solutions, such as Cisco
Oracle is only my database provider. I do not confirais this database to Windows! But I gladly gives Microsoft Management of my domain and my equipment and resources, my files and my mail, my impression and my workstations. I would like that Microsoft support all my connected objects and provide a MDM/MAM or if interface with my plate form BES or XenMobile. I would like that Microsoft is a worthy of the Apple Apps store.
Establishment of mature tools with a "licencing" mode that corresponds to the use of our professions
Improvement costs licences
Improvement of licensing mode, especially for servers including the evolution of the core licensing rules is quite wild.
Simplify the modes of licensing for data centers would be a good start: the server CAL are complicated to manage, the RDS CAL management is very frozen with the license server, new licensing Windows Server 2016 in the heart will also be complicated to manage. Office 365, it is easier to manage-&gt; improvements: management of licenses and rights for a multi environment undertaken on the same piece would be a true more in the future
Training one or two main actors of society in the licensing.  Systematically organize meetings to meet and understand problems (pb channel ISV) have an adviser cross-channel information Session on Licensing changes. Meeting to understand the technical needs Thales and provide targeted solutions.
Contractual terms more flexible and adapted to the constraints of the client not to change the licensing metric (for example Server 2016 Datacenter of CPU core is completely unfair and very impact for us who are very decentralized)
The simplification of the licencing.
Exit the mode bundle for licensing of Microsoft products (we buy products which are being not used)
Mode simplified licensing and royalties from online services charged to the use
Improve the Licensing by simplifying.
Higher quality standards on newer product releases, on RTM day 1.
A better understanding of the automotive world. Organizational improvement services and engineering and between France and Corp. The signing of a partnership agreement.
Commitment to the client that we are.
Microsoft prennenet of commitments, and that it demonstrates its ability to deliver
Nosql solutions
one drive
Continue to maintain a relationship of proximity and trust as in the past and explore together innovative technological solutions in the field of video.
keep the momentum. more co thinking, co llaboration, co operation, servng or customers together
Product requiring a MS. ecosystem We mixed with the strong presence of Google for Business
Too expensive! Rent instead of buy is often not cost-effective over time.
Refusal of our clients go to the Micosoft cloud
The security of the data.  Independence from Microsoft
location of data
Online service therefore outsourcing of data processed: risks to confidentiality, availability
Change in the pattern of consumption of licences. Full mode OPEX different of the old mode CAPEX + OPEX optional (SA) in Select Plus. Difficult to provide, especially if an alternative 'cloud' solution is already chosen in addition to Office financial justification and ROI.
Too-oriented social network. Windows is a launcher for me. Everything else is what to eat CPU.
Business value remains to demonstrate between Win10 and Win8.1.
Much ADO originally for an OS that offers little change from Windows 7.
Our company has no Software Assurance (too expensive). And Windows 10 requires to monitor developments continuously, what is economically impossible and technically unworkable
Far too many items sent to Microsoft which will therefore require a thorough safety study.
The implementation of Windows 10 requires the evolution of other products from Microsoft or from third parties.
More contacts and interractions
The contractual structure remains very complex and need to devote too much time to understand and therefore optimize
Give more prerogatives to the account manager. Avoid the proliferation of interlocutors.
Understand its customers
BOX
Cloudwatt
Orange / Cloudwatt
OVH
OVH
Starts-ups
Stmantec
talentsoft
OpenSource
Team commercial always more efficient in its advice and its accompaniment.
Better understanding of products and current Microsoft services
I was able to take knowledge of the extent of the offer Microsoft both in terms of technological solutions of integration tasks and change. Overall, my opinion is improved with a caveat: the lack of maturity on the integration perimeter that we suffered on our email migration project
Clarity of the strategy
Microsoft to making efforts to respond to our needs
New products, the deployment of Windows 10 and efforts on Azure clearly gives dynamism to Microsoft.
strategy cloud relevant
The strategy is clearer, as well as the roadmap associate
Innovation on devices, continuum,...
Personalise service and in connection with our needs
Strategy product interesting, true will to live the ecosystem of partners
Innovation, new technologies
The dissatisfaction felt at the DSI of MAEDI towards the Microsoft editor remains linked to the audit period experienced by our Ministry. This approach had been initiated by the previous Software Sales Manager.
attitude during the Premier support contract renewal
More frequent contacts with Microsoft teams.
Best commercial proximity, accompaniment on a business transformation project
Strengthening of the partnership with Microsoft, shares Microsoft, enrichment/evolution of the offer O365 teams
Much progress on the process of innovation with start-ups, pro-active proposal improve: - the very complex licensing system - policy on Win10 requiring companies to install version continuously, which is not compatible with the activity - security on O365
Improved responsiveness. Support needs and provision of an appropriate solution
Avoid systematically propose SA. We need to understand the contribution of this SA in our context before us.  Offers "bundlelisees" (ex: integrating EMS CAL, intune/SSCM, RMS, AAD) are impossible to take a block of the fact of the heavy (and therefore time) implementation) necessary: we pay at a time T of the unused solutions...
A discuss together
nothing, we have today a close collaboration and highly effective.
Just maintain the current momentum
Better to express his convictions about the solutions to be implemented with regard to our context
Understand the issues
Continue to provide a quality support when implementing drivers or demonstrators using Microsoft technologies
Provide an accesa a (virtual) lab in order to see the products in action and promote internally
Fine like that
The performance of the team at Microsoft are very good, I have a very positive return of my teams.
-
Was not there yet tangible results on the cover around the implementation of Windows 10 (but announced shares). On support contract renewal proposals first, showed no understanding of the real needs and financial capabilities, which has led to a "tense" situation: period without a contract, not made benefits. We hope that this new contract will go better.
Assist us in upgrading Microsoft solutions. Help us communicate. Help us to design-oriented solutions "Practice"
Taking greater account of the economic constraints
Review meetings: too many follow the innovative topics and help us as for example on Azure
The topics of contracts, it is penalizing not having direct response from Microsoft, which returns our questions about our reseller. We clearly have some answers to trade issues, but not to the contractual and legal issues.
Maintain its level of response to its optimum
Ergonomics adapted to the shelves and pc. New features to simplify administration tasks.
Excellent ergonomics, good management of the Desktop mode and the Tablet mode.
Ergonomics
Ergonomics and ease of use
reliability, global footprint on drives, speed of the OS
reliability ergonomics
Jack-in-hand easy and up-to-day continuous system.
the best of Windows 7 and best of Windows 8.1 combines.
multi-factor (post, Tablet...), more scalability than win 7, security hardening
Unification of the OS Park
Convergence multi device (PC, Tablet, phone) re-emergence of the 'Start' menu from Windows 8 execution speed ergonomics compared to Windows 8
Ditto on a mobile & a fixed operation-: the licensing system
powerful, simple, works with all the form factors.
(Theoretical) simplicity of deployment... towards the zero Master.  Change management which seems to be less traumatic than XP to W7. Features interesting ' security'
Good product, simple and efficient
Stability, ergonomics
Speed of startup stability
Optimization of the performance of a pc (where the same pc was slow with another OS), ease of upgrade in W10
I use it everyday and I have no problem with, it is much more our Windows 8
-
flexibility of use for the end user. easy management of licenses
Collaborative, multi devices / OS, real-time
Ease of use and accessibility. Speed of implementation.
Integration of different functions, availability in the cloud, ergonomics
Flexibility
cost based on the upcoming nego
-Functional coverage - the office base - ease of deployment
-
Very innovative solutions
Availability, capacity, mode hybrid.
It is a service. Updates are automatic. For the messaging and SharePoint part, this limits the CAPEX.
Full Cloud, reliable and secure solution
access from anywhere and keep synchronized with different units
Overall: The constant evolution of the tool can benefit regularly new features or new services => this is an advantage for users, even if this requires an adaptation of communication and accompaniment on the part of the IT teams. Use in multi-device and OS => with a flat on the mobile synchronization of the IM between Skype FB (on fixed PC) and the Skype app. The transparency of information on the security of the data and updates in accordance the availability and mutual support on the network Y 'O365 Network' rapid opening of services in the cloud for users however: A point of notorious note disappointment: a great hope and a long wait on the new synchronization OneDrive client for Business which, when it is finally released is finally not yet available on Windows 8.1. Still pending...
Mobility, simplified access to various services IT's "1st level" (SfB, Yammer, Sharepoint,...)
availability fluidity
It is difficult to give advice and achieve the objective way completely provision. We therefore systematically check the recommendations from independent publishers.
Better inform us about these aspects in its products
Council on governance around infrastructure, organization, and the use of active directory.
Search engine Applications Cloud over many apparent cost less high iso Accmpagnement scope further on 'how to use technology publishers to bring value in the services of the company'
Machines at the request and enough ahead of the range of services. Although MS catches up with his return.
A clear, simple licensing mode
Simpler contractual approach
Innovation and R & D, security systems
This depends, for financial solutions (like Microsoft elsewhere) we use SAP.  To the workstation we use Microsoft.
Business management and business intelligence solutions
history, performance, reliability
Points on the subjects and the current was properly made without breaking of dynamics.
Does not match our expectations to the level of our engineers
very large technical expertise
Change management
responses targeted to our problems of security.
The Microsoft team put us in contact with people resources, our last meeting has Paris was very rich.
I repeat what I have already said many times, I am very satisfied with the team at Microsoft, it is a real pleasure to work with them and especially with Olivier Zucchet. It is very a our listening.
Review of the contract to bring more flexibility vehicles.
Control the dates for deployment of the new O365 features.
understanding of the licenses can be sometimes very complicated.
More simple and flexible licensing.  Price: overall expensive if one considers the CAL, possibly his,... More interporable with ecosystem Google
Simplify licensing contracts!
A true positioning of partnership rather than client / provider
Visibility client products roadmap better communication on change of licensing on the major products used in the best enterprise contract management (it is regrettable, for example, that Microsoft puts an end to a contract as the Select Plus, which was announced as 'unlimited' service life, unilaterally).
Explain the uses
Still more secure cloud solutions and already meet the standards of storage
Direct access to support engineers (L2,L3) for premier customers to avoid the loss of time with L1 
Help us to offer solutions to our internal users that create a "pull effect", i.e. tools that users WANT to use.
-
simplify contracts & rise of version requirements improve safety on O365
taking account of the incidents very fast.
Lync
Support around the end of support ie9 - 10 for example.
Availability of stakeholders
Reactivity, tuned...
The various health checkups helped to deepen our knowledge of architectures and the recommendations to be applied on Microsoft technologies in our Ministry.
I note a difference in maturity between first support O365 (on the incident) and "older" component type BizTalk, SQL Server...
Billing system not suitable for our context. No specific offer
There's no Datacenter located in France or Germany. The Datacenter to the United Kingdom always ask question.
not yet, but mainly for reasons of security
oriented internal skills VMWare
See interdepartmental DINSIC market.
Cloud and MCS strategy compete directly with our activities.  Integration activities should find a different positioning in the long term: Microsoft is a partner and competitor where the difficulty, sometimes, to handle this ambiguity.
MICROSOFT ONLY
Corresponding change
The change of strategy and opening towards mobility.
Relationship managed more proactively and more reactive returns
Open source guidelines, windows 10, Satya vision.
Much more dynamic contact and more operational advanced information
A big change, openness, a willingness to work with partners, including Council
Microsoft has clearly changed its attitude to the partnership by reinvesting in the relationship with the Capgemini Group on the France.   On the other hand Microsoft is much more open in its technological choices that in the past, which is extremely well received by the customers.
best alignment between Microsoft and our services offerings
I was impressed by the expertise of Microsoft demos in the manufacturing field. More specifically the IoT and BI solutions. The showroom is an accelerator to demonstrate Microsoft's ability to support its partners.
Despite an organisation not adapted to CGI France breast on these last 6 months (we have more Alliance manager CGI that centralizes and coordinates actions with the Microsoft editor), Microsoft, especially through its alliance manager, has been able to propose and implement all the actions that a cabinet or ESN could partner: Business (Journal of pipe, put in commercial relationship shares targeted in partnership) but also assembled at the skills on the Microsoft offerings to better assist our clients (program Red Carpet, online and face-to-face training, presentation solutions, availability of AVV.).
Good quality of follow-up, force of proposal by our Alliance Manager P. BIGGIE, program P-Seller, free training...
best followed very large involvement of P. Biggie
The establishment of the partnership of quality carried by Philippe BIGGIE side Microsoft has allowed me to take the dimension of the power of the tools provided by the Publisher and any added value that we can offer our customers
Followed by and clear relationship with the partner resp.
Microsoft opens has other technologies, demonstrated openness and a better understanding of the needs of our customers
Microsoft has made exceptional progress on its ecosystem Azure. The new range of products Big Data yet more simplifies the implementation of advanced analytical solutions. The perception is that Microsoft takes over the lead of innovation in the BI and the Cloud.
The arrival of an alliance manager dedicated is a definite plus.
Wanting to open to its partners providing content interesting technology and pre-sales technical support
an approach focused on lead generation and access cutback to the different assets of Microsoft either to train or to push solutions to our customers
clear offer with readability
grant exclusive rights to certain opportunities
The need to make the common events and to organise more training destined for our senior managers.  Have access to exclusive content and the further strategy sessions.
Further increase alignment between client account teams
see us in QBR
Honestly nothing at the moment, it is a big change to have a dedicated officer. On our side, should be just at the height of your investment!
Continue!
Support to the contractual aspects and trade programs
Organize workshop in the Grenoble region with customer proximity to generate business participate rdv commercial
Do not forget the midsize
More than presences "outside Paris': CGI as an organization decentralized, we could can be put in place more face-to-face meetings between Microsoft and CGI Region teams, including Lyon.
Provision of adapted supports levels and includes in the partnership
I am satisfied with the current system and the means implemented by our alliance manager
Maintain the current level
Have access to a pool of resources Azure for "sandbox" and POC
access to Azure to do client demo with more credit than an MSDN
2016 is a year of transformation for Sogeti ATS. The MS accompagenemnt both internal teams for our customers is a major issue for us. The proximity with the set of the MS device is fundamental. It is necessary that we could further energize our relations on subjects worn by ATS.
Multiply the joint action plans
Everything is perfect. Collaboration is optimunm
Leading Cloud, Amazon has a very present image with our clients
Product marketing
Google has a more dynamic image that Microsoft in the area of mobility and puts forward the way it works.
Builder solutions end to end to great levels of complexity
More "verticalisation" industrial solutions, with an approach large account that when properly applied, seems more efficient to cover all the topics proposed by this editor (Sales Specialist 1 per brick). IBM seems to be "initially launched" to cover (or cover...) the process or industry via their acquisition strategy, allowing for a broader positioning and more market share, thus also more business for us, their partners. Also, contrary to Microsoft's strategy which directs the choice to the "100%" cloud", IBM remains more moderate on this aspect, allowing us to more easily accompany sales when customers do not want (sometimes for bad reasons, but the customer is the purchaser, it will be always right...) accept the Cloud scenario.
Marketing
coverage of the ERP-type products
SAP sells various products from Microsoft but that are essential to our business.  IBM, one of our other strategic partners invests more in the strategic relationship, including largely funding vouchers Azure that accelerate the notoriety the Group
coverage of the process of company and the solutions
Its positioning on the RFP
Of real account policy exchanges have occurred this year, which clearly accelerate collaboration between Microsoft and Capgemini / Sogeti. The rapprochement between MCS and the first teams is also source of efficiency
Support MS
In a project for one of our customers, expertise SQL Server provided by MCS study performance was essential to identify the points of contention in the database, to throw in a day of the problems that we had since months.
More proactive Microsoft commercial
Provide credit Azure its partners to allow implementations of POC, tests in real situation better apprehend products to better discuss and thus better the vendres
propose of Accelerator for Middleware (Portal, integration tools) based on a JEE/JAVA for Azure base provide transverse service (Application Monitoring, technical monitoring)
availability expertise
I hope that the effort made by the teams 'Partners' within Microsoft with CGI will bring fruit on the new year, allowing to perpetuate this relationship that improves year by year
More investment on the part of Microsoft in the provision of products of tests for consultants and architects of Capgemini / Sogeti. The MPN the Capgemini Sogeti tailel (180,000 employees) Gold partners receive the same amount of vouchers than the pure players of about ten consultants.
Share/loan products and solution Microsoft so that Capgemini teams to familiarize themselves with and the sell/promote our clients
as stated previously, further strengthen the dynamics of Business Development and push joint solutions that integrate Microsoft technologies and which involves the expertise of Sogeti for their implementation.
Improvement of Partner Portal to facilitate access to information and response times
Strengthening the partnership and capital participation in our society.  Being financially impacted jointly (at local level) by the success or failure of each of our companies: "compensation plan" crossed.
Allow us the resale of all the range of products and solutions Microsoft
extension of the ERP products
Even more transparency, an exculisivite at the level of tenders
S/O
Performance behind Office 2012
This solution does not repond to our needs. Microsoft wants to impose its model
data security
Questions of securitz for federer's facilities on premise and Office 365
Confidentiality of information
outsourcing of data dependence on internet
The Cloud is sensitive in our Organization, where no choice of Office 365 for the moment.
price
access to the cloud
Safe Harbor mainly
The need to go through Azure AD is a strong constraint for my business
Location on one piece, which for companies distributed throughout the world can pose a few latency problems. The OneDrive solution that seems complex to administer for large organizations.
cost and stability in multiple environments. No real need for the multi media for now on the installed base.
KING
Instability onedrive
ability to deploy (long process...), multi tenants complexity, lack of reporting in admin console, sync performance
Lack of availability of the same functions as on Premise. Problems related to the priority by Microsoft for development on Office 365, leaving On Premise customers with suitable solutions
We chose Google Apps
There are no particular problems, the confidence-building through the formalization of the security of the data an effort has been made this year to bring us this trust
Privacy and security data confidential information handled or stored at Microsoft Datacenter hosting solution physically in the US and therefore subject to American laws
data security
The product is worth a point having regard to functional and accessibility, but I have security fears, confidentiality, availability. Finally, I do not like to put my eggs in the same basket! The cost is also a brake when it already has the human and technical resources internally. This solution is certainly very interesting for a small SME or a multinational.
I am not interested in a mode of purchase by subscription
The NFB is a target for a service such as Office 365. But as usual, as long as you don't turn a datacenter in France, the State we will prohibit to take advantage of the service.
Other projects, highest priority, are pushing this reflection
Control and responsiveness.
Group security constraints
The problem is the hosting of the data in the Cloud. Accommodation in France and/or on site is essential for my organization.
INTRANET off INTERNET
Irrelevant for a State if
NA
Very confidence in the cloud and the data security. How investigate?
forbidden for the medical profession
The performance and cost.
Switching fee more than perpetual license acquisition
No data of the business in a public "cloud"
Location of data which must be in Europe (not in the USA). Not exactly the same version of program than the DVD version: in plug problem with third-party applications? Problem of the bandwidth required for a user. Procedures for processing of existing licences to 365 licenses.
Disappearance of the licence for the benefit of a service mode. Location of the data
This is a subscription, our clients are often resistant to this type of licensing
Many changes without creating exclusive value. Too much change, it changes really.
too much incident on this version
Cost of migrating applications on this new OS.
No problems. The assessment is still underway at Bolloré
Confidentiality of data and uses
the security of the data
intrusive
user experience complex
Our PC are under xindows 7
We have just complete the W 8.1 deployment
current d study
This is the heart of the problems we face. Microsoft has proposed non-compatible abuse... Therefore, Windows 10 is not available not to mention several months late with a strong impact on our projects.
User-friendly interface evolved very well. No information should be escalated at MS! Or so, only with the agreement of the user. Privacy to review!
d Organization solve problems
The manner of licence attached to this version with the new processors from this pose the question of a change of OS from Linux.
From privacy
Not yet experienced and impact to do analysis.
Telemetry is made by the bone and his youth
lack of matutrite solution and finalization of the XP rocker phase, need to take back
The ergonomics of the interface is still very perfectible
bad General ergonomics (for what I saw for personal use)
Internet Explore edge seems to be not compatible with all current web tools.
Too much instability and bugs on Windows 10 for now. A responsiveness not demonstrated Microsoft to support its customers in case of malfunction. Not convincing progress of ergonomics and value added of this operating system (for now)...
Instability compared to Windows 7 / 8 lack of communications on the changes made to each update. At each update, I always fear that it gets worse. I'm afraid of losing my data by the dint of the screens have a blue or a CPU which reached 100% for x reasons while the PC is doing nothing in particular. (e.g., process and compressed memory System) or Windows Defender, which upped the CPU in high consumption while I'm on battery (I use a Surface Pro 3 i7, 256GB, 8 GB RAM) I understand that the system is still young but I prefer having less features and having a stable system that have lots of new features with lots of bugs. Too many telemetry, this does not inspire confidence for a company because it is not known what is really collected. Interface touch not yet optimized for all apps... Even Windows 10 Windows Explorer is difficult to use touch mode. => Not enough with the multi-touch gesture (move a window in now 3 fingers on the screen for example, it is simple to implement and it save time). Menus, checkbox, scroll menu shortcut are still not suitable for touchscreen use (too small) one sees only an effort made on Office applications only.
I have not yet element to demonstrate the value to the business
stability still demonstrate aspect "spy software"
product trp young to have an opinion
Avoid the "end of quarter" or "end of fiscal period" effects on the signing of contract, proposal and others.
Approach customer experience for the end-user and not only contract managers. OUser and know-how transpose stage presentation of solutions to accompany the strategy.
setting up newsletter
Ease install of its products - always a long hassle between choosing and actually activating the service - too complex and contradictory with previous setup. Does not work as design in 100% of cases. Some basic information not covered and hard to get.
Trade relations are good
make transparent "internal process concerns" in the implementation of solutions O365
More contractual feasibility, in particular for Azure.
Consider the customer position to value at least equal to the constraints of MS
-Simplification of the licenses and speech mechanisms that accompany them. -have the overall vision of the cost of a Microsoft solution
Monitoring the use and licensing mode is complicated to understand and to implement. This implies a risk for the company.
simplicity and clarity of the contract and licensing
By displaying a clear pricing on its licensing mode
The licensing is complicated and changes too often.
Customized licensing
Involvement in the right level of subscription services and return on investment
Being more adaptable to the European regulatory constraints
Evolve its products and their functionality by combining its customers become more a supplier of solutions for products (developing partnerships with business solutions integrators/developers)
Ditto previous comments
Take into consideration and try to correct soon manifest errors of products Surface
More interoperability.  More visibility on roadmaps for Key Products. 
Respond to the needs of my company. Its commitments.
take into account our context without each application becomes business experience
Offer me solutions in connection with my business context
Simplify communications and Microsoft portals. There are too many and we get lost often. There is not a Microsoft site where you can see all products news... It would be nice to have a (simple) website with big Microsoft products and choose the category with new. It seems that each team products/services from Microsoft uses different templates website. When I need to know what's new updates Windows 10 or the Azure services, I have computer full of news sites read or contact Microsoft about the changes. I wish I could with a portal, with changelogs for each product/service. How to sell a product/upgrade update of product if there is no list of the performed changes and new features.
The online versions are not necessarily mature light versions "on premise". We sometimes discover during the project and at our expense.  So to satisfy our needs sell us solutions are more mature line
Do not change the rules of licence en route!
A contractual and legal point of view, no margin left bargaining, it is very motivating. Need more education in the presentation of the documents and applicable commitments, should be more open to trading and would require more anticipation of requests as part of a support group (already mentioned)
Jurist, I'm no expert in the matter...
MS project online
Onedrive
Onedrive
Project
Safari
SCCM
SharePoint
Skype
yammer
-
Adobe
Adobe
Antemeta
Atos
100% CITRIX Cloud before the time
Citrix
Internal cloud
Private cloud
Confidential
Dimension Data
Third party publishers
eLearning
Supplier authorised HADS (accommodation and health)
Web hosting
Intel Sec
internal
I do not know
MongoDB
N/A
Does not know
does not wish to answer
NEURONS
DK
Offers SaaS
oodrive
OPENSTACK
Openstack
OpenTrust
Orange
OVH-Agarik
own
Small modules HR recruitment, skills.
Owner
Redhat, BMC
ServiceNow
Sitecore
SYMANTEC
Verizon - Edgecast
xxx
Dell Software
Microsoft
Microsoft
Confidential
What is this question to con? How am I supposed compare Oracle, Cisco and SAP? It is not in the same market...
MS
Microsoft
Still frustrating to realise all the efforts Mathilde has to spent to get real executive support - outside of billed, local resources from MSFT professional services. Even though she tries to hide this, it's very palpable.  For what regards problems resolution, ideal and very fluid relationship build between our global support TAM, Daniel, and Mathilde, that well knows our organisation and priorities. Most efficient.   The arrival of Jean-Marc should even improve the situation in a close future. 
When technical issues meetings, Microsoft could release the expert resources to support us
Concrete demonstration of product, return of experience from implementation.
When the direction of Microsoft is involved, the solutions appear faster.
Being there when necessary et bringing expertise when needed
RAS
a more direct access to American experts
Organization of sessions ad - hoc with experts (conf call, meeting, training, etc.)
This ensures the right level of response to our situations and Mircrosoft official buffer which is necessary to ensure our business
Offer product in phase with an innovative strategy, teams France mobilized to explain developments and help their customers a competitive advantage
Integration Cloud Azure projects
Over the last 6 months, I especially MS Services services and it went very well. I especially appreciated the ability to involve the MS network to answer a more difficult question. We agree to say that one does not know we try and especially asked his colleagues to help find a solution
Monitoring serious problems. Azure billing
More reactivity. better communication
Retrofit of the delay with services10
Too much speech maketing on products that do not respond fully to the needs expressed
Globalized supply, force of proposal and reduced costs :)
different events are proceeding well and recurrently; This increases the confidence level
The perception it is improved with a deeper knowledge of the company, strategic choices it faces and the way in which it approaches this period of change. Furthermore, through the use of a hybrid tablet that I find excellent design and quality. Probably the best in the market today.
The team at Microsoft on the CRM folder monitoring
Professionalism of contacts including on pre-sales around MS Dynamics
very high availability innovation teams produced excellent communication
An opening to all OS (android, etc.) and third-party solutions (partnership salesforce...).
Pedagogy of resposnable account on offers and the Microsoft ecosystem
Customer complaints have etec relayed internally MS allowing to achieve a shared solution.
I bought a hardware Microsoft (surface pro 4) that I love and which differentiates it from competitors.
Changing the mode of licensing announcement implies for us a strategy of disengagement to Microsoft
Reactivity and listening to our needs
The commercial team is listening to our issues and eemandes. Good knowledge of the account
Improving the operational management of the relationship
Offers Windows 10 for consistent on different devices
A good listen with a desire to understand our context, our environments, our issues to adapt.
Important Microsoft corresponding to respond to issues technical and project investment.
It is closer to a situation of partnership
Microsoft has been able to adapt to our environment for the renewal of our contracts. The business relationship is also better.
Opening of the solutions to more service
better understanding of the products and the licensing mode, connection with the services
more openness, more communication
Enhanced relations with M Jean-Louis Pierrot, put in direct relation with the product managers of Microsoft France on MS products in production within the group La française
the presence and involvement of a sponsor exec has revolutionized the quality of the relationship between Microsoft and Technip for about two years. Problems can be escalated when necessary, the relationship is constant and quality improvement of services efforts are real, our comments are taken into account.
Excellent relationship with the load of the Technip account team
Taking account of our business better listening client on the part of the MS teams constraints
By comparison with other players in the market, I enjoyed the proactivity and the involvement demonstrated by my interlocutors Microsoft.
Best implications. More reactivity
As my (legal) functions, the development of balanced contractual relations, not asymmetric as is the case today. But this is not specific to Microsoft, it is specific to all the big players.
Better integration in the process of creation of Atos offers
Customer Experience and User Experience. Strategic partnership.
More aggressive rates for loyal Microsoft customers.
simpler to activate and performant applications
A simpler ergonomics--that Word and Excel have a single interface and access to features on the same principle.
The update on Windows 10 management, if it were not so common
Improve new product presentations. Past presentations have not at all satisfied with us:-cloud: presentation off topic - APS: contact with the difficult commercial, unreachable, does not respond to the questions, made a meeting and then does not come because on leave...  It would be best to try to sell us new products.
Increase the already very high productivity of its tools.
The reliability of the products, the simplicity for the user
-be uncompromising on the quality of the products despite the acceleration of the pace of update. -treat the tools for companies to ensure deployments successful - optimize, be more frugal (for example, integrate the constraints of bandwidth network from design solutions, make de-emphasized Office updates that the pack office itself, do not download all catalogue WSUS when it must update only the antivirus, not more than 3 GB to the position at each Office365 update download etc...)
Best visibility on the technical evolutions of commodity (short term roadmap)
More transparent technology roadmap to be able to manage change (I know this may push some risk and legal complexity, but in such new digital world it's mandatory).
More visibility on the global roadmap
Strategy of rise of version
Systematically integrate some "automatic migration" of one Microsoft product version to another
A policy more flexible vis à vis its product and assured support versioning.
Good products support more than 10 years without special agreements.
Always be very responsive to our requests and take into account the specificity of the France with a German majority shareholder
Taking account of French security, legislative and regulatory constraints and European
Approach by costs, demonstrating the interest of the choice of Microsoft solutions for the DGFiP from a budgetary point of view, knowing that functionally demonstration is made of their adaptation to the functional needs.
Continue to be attentive to the security at the level of the Cloud, bones or MS. products continue to accompany customers advising them and accompanying them to change on new technologies.
Taking greater account ee security, cost of discounted, windows Phone credible solution implementation
The security of the data, and that as far as the data are health data
taking account of the constraints related to security taking into account constraints related to the confidentiality of data
management of data out of the DC DC
Definitely, share their vision and strategy with large enterprises (back to REAL roadmaps, and not vague trends), allow Mathilde, Jean-Marc and others to really be able to clearly position MSFT in our own 2 to 3 years evolution roadmap.  And, but this clearly is recurrent from me, as MSFT is climbing in the Enterprise value chain (business apps - to name a few, projects and CRM)... horizontal integration for sure and smoother integration with third party vendors.   As well as higher level of security ('native" 2 factors support, e.g. PKI architectures / OTP etc)
manage better relations by phone and, in particular, reduce waiting times and the availability of the operators
the accessibility of technical support and responsiveness
Extend FastTrack activities to the next level (objective 70% employees in online 2 years) leveraging interactions with India (local with Microsoft teams).
loan of Surface hub support incidents within the time limits
A Service approach and "licensing" Clouds one implementation support process more interfaced with client organizations (Exchange Management Technique, solutions cloud for example) a rapid improvement of the Office 365 solution and its features Web a better layout taking account of the existing architecture of the client to implement the MS solutions
the improvement of the quality of services of the Help Desk
Correct problems that affect millions of terminals and avoid an elitist strategy (idem Apple) + scarcity on the range Surface to actually offer a product with a majority of users are more than satisfied
Presentation of "used box" to help us in projecting a more intensive use of the offer of MS
More flexible Windows phone
Better communication on certain topics as real Windows Mobile strategy... and "help" some companies to carry applications on this platform... in fact no effect of volume some companies do not software on this pf, financial assistance and human resources may be?
RAS, we are very satisfied with the relationship with Microsoft
RAS
No, continue our collaboration
The procedures and reports in place with MICROSOFT work very well and are the good compromise between production of the work and services and synthesis of actions.
-
proactivity on the new features products: OS / middleware / Cloud services
The resolution of incidents around the integration of W10 to our if particularly slow (everything decided in the U.S. climbing mode) and searching of workaround that the local team was not able to help us find.
Installing SCOM and support of the teams in Brussels (incident still in progress)
Added value of the many hours of TAM?
Too costly. Difficulties for the client to negotiate
solution WAT insufficiently powerful, fragile (many bugs, poor scalability) despite its high cost
The problem was finally resolved but it seems that there is a dysfunction between the seizure of the problem support within the administration interface of the holding and the support team. Example: first support staff issue: what is the name of the tenant impact? While the seizure of the ticket is made inside of the tenant) or what is your problem exactly? While the problem is detailed in the ticket or I take RDV telephone with you. Result, missed two appointments because the operator has used a mobile nr that belong to me 4 years ago! The good nr Tel was in signing my messages and the administrator of the tenant profile!
No satisfactory response on the part of Microsoft in general, the problem is at the level of coordination of your services and the ability to include the actions of your entities in a global vision.
Overall experience. No visibility/monitoring on the involvement of the TAM. Support mode paradox where the resolution time becomes the metric of pricing. The value of the service must be indexed on the quality of the service and not on the time spent.
The Anonymizer before help desk, the impression to be considered a client among others, the need to explain the context of the company at each request, back the lack of relevance of the responses
Helps to diagnose authentication issues Office 365 Council on the deployment of the Office 365 bricks strategy
Adaptation and responsiveness on changes of direction of the company. Pro vs our profession and adaptability to our problems and needs.
Accompaniment performed on the ISA Server end 2015 product.
Support on collaborative tools.
Good relationship with Jean-Christian Alauzet well following its records
reactivity
Overall analyses of dump are of a very good standard with especially the explanations allowing us to carry out analyses we same in similar cases.
Responsiveness improves. Good involvement
The possibility of going up to the confirmation from the team produces the actual correction of the bug in the OS Windows 10 target.
Rapid identification of our needs Precision of the proposals
The strong implications of the persons in charge of the incident as well as technical knowledge.
The reactivity of our TAM operational incidents and the technical quality of the speakers.
Very reactive in order to solve the various incidents
Integration with the portal Azure
Listen to raise understanding of the Tests need
Reactive and very qualitative service. A service is by definition always too expensive, this one is no exception to the rule.
the technical team is very effective, but the rates are excessive. Today, we can find partners of the same quality at much more reasonable prices. Should the commercial team first support fits
Proactive position from Daniel, our MSFT TAM. Excellent reactivity, very good knowledge of the Corporate organisation in Atos global IT (roles as well as individuals), clear commitment, availability, tracking and reporting -  Daniel always delivers efficient support and clear documentation, 
Reactivity, skills
various debuggages
Deployment experiment link.
Accompaniment in our various projects for Microsoft deployment
Messaging, BI
Visibility not precise
Solving a problem complex SQL cluster for the SharePoint addresses an issue of corruption of the SCCM database platform
effectiveness and in the understanding of the problem of the user. very affordable
The fact to have a person at the end of the thread who knows perfectly the product.
We did not have specific need or the intervention of support but we follow carefully remittances and information provided by service Support concerning safety and the proposed technical changes.
I have not directly used the first support service
The follow-up of the files and the jurisdiction of the Microsoft partners.
At the time of the study the cloud of market solutions was not adapted to our needs
our infrastructure is not always at the level technique necessary to support the shift perpetual MS cloud software, we cannot follow developments, it's going too fast for us!
outsourcing of data dependence on internet
Security concerns mainly.
Security and confidentiality of the data
Cost of accommodation to master. expenditures were oriented on domestic investments
We are a public institution. The datacenter is not in France. It is set.
Group security constraints
price location of datas centers
Cost; Reluctance of the Direction
"Sovereign" cloud not
RFI, RFP and comparative MS Dynamics / Salesforce, Salesforce chosen.
Regulatory burdens banks
Microsoft was not seen as a solution provider "cloud on premise" that was looking for the enterprise
Just lack of approval HADS
I do not know if it belongs in the group. If this is the case, it is not clear.
Microsoft gave us a presentation and it has absolutely not convinced us. Off topic, not a technical presentation, the web interface of the orchestrator-oriented
We sell our own Cloud offering
Ongoing reflection
Choice group
Lack of flexibility and features, not property of the licences
Cloud solutions to date have been chosen for application packages; took into account the vendor that offered such services
Because as for Google, Amazon and others, we don't know more access and duplication of our data, and we have to trust to a solution that transcends us all at the technical level, legal certainty and freedom! Expect a little maturity of all of these Cloud and we will see...
Decision taken in inter-departmental
The DGFiP hosts all of its data in its if given their sensitivity.
Following call for tenders, other solutions have been selected
The study is in court
Positive contribution to the task force performance WAT.
more proximity between Microsoft and TOTAL
By the quality of the work done with their teams
Microsoft appears to be changing quickly both on its model and its offerings.
The solutions proposed by the Microsoft team have improved my perception of Microsoft on the innovation aspect and computing power
-Vis à vis the product solutions proposed BI (POWERBI) and the opening of these products.   -Vis à vis of the MICROSOFT relationship / PSA and the availability of stakeholders MICROSOFT to respond to the new demands products, support, tips.
Responsiveness of support during our technical problems, and especially the responses in el pertincence framework of this benefit.
New interlocutor. Accompaniment on the new offerings.  Good relationship customer vendor technical .intermocuteurs familiar with their topics
Listening to our needs and proposals in accordance with our needs
Microsoft is becoming more open, and Microsoft products are becoming more interoperable. 
Open discussion about offers, market dynamics. Sharing ideas, views. reinforcing comarketing activities...
Reactivity, rapid evolution of products and integration with complementary or competitor of the market
Availability and reactivity of Microsoft employees who accompany us
The strategy, which is to deploy new features in a regular and incremental manner helps give a dynamic image of the brand. Also, it allows make more credible approach SAAS versus On Premise, showing in practical terms the value added in time. Also, the voting mechanism by the users of the upcoming features, reinforces the idea of a product that "sticks" still testify to the expectations of users and not just decision makers!
Difficult deployment of office 365. Missing features in version webmail (E1) "offline" Mode does not work now what makes the acquired non-deployable pou rle moment solution.
More to listen to customers
Level of assistance and quality of Presentations exchanges especially at the level of the NRF
One feels a better involvement in our projects to find the best solution to our needs. There is also a better listening; It is not only to sell or buy licenses, but to create a sort of link winner - winner over the long term
-more and more consistency is provided in the catalogue of products and services, since the arrival of Azure - the range of products (phone, laptop, Tablet) is actually differentiating - brand image has improved since windows 10
Frequent changes of contacts over the past years. Stabilization in recent months. More responsiveness to the requests, in particular, the Legal Department
Proximity of the account management
Products more successful (10 Windows) and open (Android, iOS, stacks Open Source in Azure applications).
The strategy around the BI is much clearer today.
Accompanying Azure
1. the Microsoft teams are more proactive and listening to clients 2 - Microsoft tools are more modern
Globaly, for over 6 month, we feel a transformation within Microsoft in the positionning of their product and services
resolution pb contract Azure
excellent operational monitoring by our TAM supervised by our AM
Unsatisfactory responses under agreements between my company and Microsoft. Lack of real commitment on the part of the Microsoft teams. Customer issues are taken into account with maddening answers. 'Experts' Microsoft advocate solutions that do not work, just check Microsoft's website to find out...
Better listening to clients, opening on the market, impulse and behavior of the CEO
change of account during the year 2015 team. incommensurate with the difficulties encountered with the previous team where we suffered from a lack of support, returns, both commercial and technical support
Excellent trade relationship and animation around the popular licenses
Understanding/listen for client and taking into account constraints
Pre-sales teams accompanying and tam
I have a better understanding of the strategy of Microsoft and the added value of Azure
S4B, MS online, UC
Involvement of the commercial and technical teams. Better continuity in the management of the key interlocutors
The follow-up, the investment by Microsoft employees
Microsoft is again being advanced on many technical developments
the charg of customers more attentive / a l listen
Listening to customer, investment teams
Relevant intervention under the contract first on SCOM and DPM tools
Availability of my interlocutors and excellent approach user knowing that the UX is heart of the strategic thinking of the DGFiP.
Very good quality of relationships
Change in policy of licensing for Windows Server 2016
Good response on requests for intervention
In conjunction with the establishment of a new team
Microsoft policy more in tune with our needs (mobility, cloud, collaborative, security...).
I note and appreciate the progressive opening of Microsoft in several areas.
More presence technological
Innovation and ease of contact
Your licensing policy is more and more difficult to understand and have not always adapted to our needs. Example: Licence project lite billed in the month and by user is reaffectable as at the end of three months. We therefore continue to pay for a license that is not used.
Office 365 services are more stable and windows 10 is much better than previous versions.
More involved
regular meetings with the team in charge of our account
Disappointing experience with Yammer
Actual demonstrations of partnership in the digital transformation of our company. Customer Council, relating, offers services and products taking into account the existing.
Business Office 365, onedrive health, and Skype
New more powerful solutions, Windows 10 on the Assembly of equipment
Very productive collaborative work. Microsoft invests and provides all the help and support necessary to assist the partners to work in the best possible conditions. Contacts are frequent and teams of Microsoft listening to solicitations.
Deepening customer relationship
Year 2015 marked by an important negotiation of a new enterprise agreement contract, including our On Premise transition to Office 365 Cloud. I particularly appreciated the quality of our Microsoft France interlocutors in this negotiation.
Acceleration of innovation in support of digital processing and quality of the products appreciated by the users
Our contract renewal and the impetus given by the new president of Microsoft allowed to propose new innovation opportunities for our company.
Perhaps more 'drive' top execs AXA to unlock the operational constraints in projects, in particular Office365?
I have a lot work with MS on the BI teams I think that should deal with these subjects with higher skill job because that is that ask end customers
Keep regular points
Increase strategic product development communication to enable higher medium term alignment.
Synthetic monthly point of 45 minutes
Do not systematically offer Microsoft products on problems that these products cannot solve. Sometimes it's better to hear that he has no Microsoft solution rather than this see propose something which the account team did not appear to believe.
Better collaboration between France and Belgium teams
the catering of the benefits evenentielles
A more strategic vision of the account, perhaps by offering less conventional partnership options.
A quality on production monitoring would be necessary: different incidents wound to MS support require a follow-up that is not done today. Proposal for a mini-training on MS products and roadmaps (insufficient at this stage) technology give feedback of experiences of other clients, sharing of best practices with other clients: not enough opportunities in this sense.
Improve the level of expertise of some Sales Specialist or Licensing Specialist. Return to two officials of accounts with regard to the scope of the group.
Being a force of proposal of solutions (MS or MS partners) in order to meet the needs of my company.
Include logic follow-up of subjects under consideration at the level of the different companies of the group.
Stop trying to sell me windows 10 and meet our expectations
A little more proactivity
More meetings with experts on developments products to come
Analysis of ways of reduxtion of costs, attenes security
Continue we put we make available good interlocutors as Christophe Roncin
Strategic presentation of the developments and perspectives of work on dimensions uses environments and industrialization of the management of the life cycle.
Position an advanced technical expert as soon as possible for subjects / areas (example: Skype).
More of Council on the use of the solutions services
Convince them to change certain internal choices by more technical and less organizational, arguments not necessarily easy...
Return more followed on incidents of production that we meet on the material "tested" or "sustained" including on the Surface Pro 3 / 4.
Today, I do not see. The efforts and progress were made in recent two years
Be more proactive and be more supportive for operation teams to push new usage, new security standards, promoting new services
The bottleneck is, I think, more of our side as side Microsoft...
Great progress this year. Team tuned always making the maximum
Further improve its line of visibility with us in gathering more way to cover, with a minimum of interlocutors, all perimeters (run, build, Council,...).
Proactive introduction of new products/features
Better understanding of the context of computer security of the company, in order to be able to act with MS-Corp's developments produced.
Establishment of a technical project from upstream Manager. A better mesh with Corp, the current organisation still gives the impression of a strong distance. Exchange of expatriates. Engineers residents.
action to know the security of the Microsoft Azure Cloud
Organize a meeting to explore strategic collaborations of mutual interest tracks. See if we can exceed a customer-supplier relationship on certain topics.
Overall satisfied. Possible improvement: check prior to the common working sessions that the corrections requested last time have been carried out. But this can be explained by the timing tight between our meetings.
Be more proactive with the implementation of new subscription models (more flexible, for instance on Azure). 
an even more ambitious , detailed joint action plan
Less than generic proposal and adapt the commercial proposals of the Schneider-Electric complex environment
Although I is not live on the security aspects, it seems advisable to establish a closer relationship with the security teams, in order to "percolate" the principles and strategies Microsoft in the long term and thus to establish a relationship of trust, being well aware that trust is a two-way road! Personally, I think the approach Microsoft holisitique on security and issues related to the world of "The Cloud". We must succeed to propose a security that is both robust and relevant to the interests of the company but also and especially that "protects" the good experience of users, which is a real challenge here today.
Offer training adapted to the Michelin teams in preparation for integrated projects (ex &gt; transition to Office 365)
More Act in "Service" mode under Cloud alternatives that Microsoft is distributing today. Clarify roles between MS and MCS in this specific context
New contract negotiations are still in the "rush", it would take more time, in particular the contractual clause.
Immerse yourself in the store, do an internship of one to two days to better identify the needs of consumers and therefore better understand the needs of the retail
Team and high performance; that this continues in the years to come because we have many projects that require attention
More finely adjust face-to-face appointments based on client projects news and emergencies
more relationship responsible for account and the sponsort field. Clarification of the organization.
-better framed interventions, in the form of mini for example rather than interventions sporadic, to instruct the points / topic in more complete and adapted to the customer - develop the client accompagement by a stronger lead/responsible decision-making when necessary of aware of the innovative subjects (it is not enough to have a good product, it is necessary to demonstrate value (, sell it)-co-host workshops presentations with partners are in charge of architecture, is in charge of operations
A stronger interaction of relations with Microsoft Netherlands teams
From a legal point of view, a better anticipation and proactive towards applications in matters of security commitments, personal data, for l accompaniment of a group, would be welcome. Instead of rowing to get information and documentation, it would gain time and confidence. But real efforts recognized on the problem of the Safe Harbor.
Simplify the licensing mode that becomes more and more complex to manage
Do not see particularly
Offer more presentations and technical trainings to form ambassadors of Microsoft tools within the client
I have not the slightest idea. Microsoft teams have always been perfect!
We finally a replacement for Stime account manager? the last who left Microsoft end December 2015...
We expect effective assistance from the account team to help us meet our budgetary constraints in the renewal of the contract company
Feel concerned.
A most important accompaniment on the use and consumption of products OnPremise. We suffer too regularly on issues of integration and user experience in a context OnPremise compared to products/services Online
No date, at my level all necessary subjects dealt
Would be very valuable if Mathilde could more easily benefit from direct access from senior product experts as well as product leaders - in such a way they know upfront about product roadmaps and estimated delivery time lines; Remotely (via Lync for instance) under NDA, or eventually during advanced dedicated face to face sessions, location TBD - States eventually if Paris does not fit in the picture. 
We have not yet collectively understood what offers Atos should develop to fully enjoy Azure
PoC Surface Hub ASAP
1 assist Capgemini in its IT transformation: * Leverage Capgemini worldwide capabilities adapting employee workplace to match new trends * Secure company data and protect employee privacy * Optimize costs 2. Promote the integration of iGate (services + assets/contracts)
Innovative loan of Surfaces Hub and devices Allocation of licences for testing permanent on all features (ex O365 E5 - PSTN calling)
We are developing a strategic plan / partnership
Communicate formally on the 12 months MS roadmap by distinguishing the subjects directly related with products deployed with us on the one hand and the entire ecosystem as possible on the other hand
Provide us some test devices and license test in advance of phase (e.g. w10) for receter our applications
RAS
on the service contract Microsoft should offer a "good shoot" instead of services compartimentes between the architects, experts etc etc
Propose innovative solutions in loan/test to obtain the commitment of users
The Microsoft account team demonstrated a remarkable understanding of situations and detailed proposals. The DGFiP has developed a culture of software open source that is not Microsoft. It is the remains less than developments of the proposed economic model by Microsoft today comes now compete directly with free solutions. Indeed, functionally, the solutions proposed by Microsoft meet its challenges.
It is already excellent. If the "need to sell" is also often felt, one could almost believe that it is a friend.
Linking to strengthen strategic and marketing with constraints or operational realistic ads.
define a periodicity of exchanges
Contact the business world as it is today (heterogeneous, linux, mobile), particularly on the perimeter centralists (SC, Skype, Exchange, AD)...
Assist us with the management group to take into account the priorities, d "e l obsolescence management and challenges of new technologies with regard to budgetary constraints.
Actions taken currently and in place allows the MICROSOFT account team to be efficient and responsive and comply with the contract.
Organization of learning expedition in common to better immerse themselves in our respective strategies taking the time and back off fields of everyday life, since our material investments are made for periods of medium-term, particularly in the cloud.
Seriously, given the size and complexity of our Organization (260 000 staff), I don't have the feeling that it is possible to do better.
RAS
collaboration is optimal.
Improve understanding of the licencing and to ensure that the use of the licenses it sticks to our needs.
We are currently very satisfied. No idea.
More flexibility in contracts
The stakes are important in our company customer relationship and Microsoft. Should rethink the model of relaction centered on the final customer (beyond contract - more technical managers).
even more presence in our premises. the Microsoft offer is impressive
Currently, I am totally satisfied with relations with the account team, reactivity, exchanges, and proposed solutions.
Very satisfied with the actions taken. The projects go ahead and are not blocked. I have not yet been able to pester all the communication tools offered by Microsoft (Skype, Yammer, and Linkedin) to facilitate exchanges and interactions.
No because the level of performance is excellent.
The best option to improve performance would be to simplify license management. We had a problem with licensing more than 6 months for licensing on our account. Fortunately, our manager of account Mr Mann was there for us help because our licenses were part in the maze of Microsoft. I think it is urgent that you revise your process for your OFFICE 365 licenses and the framework agreement that we have with Microsoft. Normally it takes about 2 months to get them, which is already huge! And there for a bad switch mail on your part took us 6 months.
I have no particular to note
Just continue like this, it's perfect !
The team in charge of the Nexity account is effective, I does identify new actions that would be beneficial to improve its performance
Council on securing sensitive data involvement in the return on investment of the subscribed services SLA
Microsoft internal administrative processes are brakes and incomprehensible blocking points in the implementation of the contract that we signed. This greatly detrimental to the perception of Microsoft as responsive and adaptable.
We do not account for 2 months and a half
Organize exchanges custom to be listening to our expectations and propose us solutions.
new applications are integrated and the menu start back as Windows 3.11.
Further automation in Look more user-friendly and intuitive installation procedures
Its compatibility with previous versions of Windows and virtualization with its layer of authentication
Announced with Windows 7 compatibility / IE11, "touch" capabilities, capabilities "mobile"
New modes of installation. Security. Compatibility with the W7 applications.
Cortana, edge, the continuity between the office and the tiles, etc...
A more modern product compared to the previous generation. Good level of robustness. Touch screen, innovative products: cortana,... Nomad.
ergonomics
Its ergonomics.
architecture more slight ergonomic close seven
Successful ergonomics, both disruptive and natural compared to W7 Support devices hybrid (Tablet / PC) and form multiple factors (including Continuum and Surface Hub) llow the continuity of the experience of a device to the other backward compatibility with Windows 7
Back to ergonomics Windows 7
New functionality, ergonomics
The best version of Windows in terms of ergonomics, the Tablet for hybrid positions, offices multi mode mode,
Ergonomics and reliability
Ergonomics, reliability
ATAWAD, ergonomics,
Ergonomics / stability
Better user experience
ergonomics; operating on little powerful hardware
Better ergonomics
its ergonomics, its compatibility...
Same OS on all equipment, so same management in SCCM and same developments that work on all types of equipment. Facility (under audit) the silent migration of W8 in W10.
reliability mobility touch security
more reliable
Reliability: Although I own a Tablet Surface Pro 3 and I thought you'd as well as APPLE, but the symbiosis is not yet perfect! Heck this is your hardware and your OS! Compromise: Reconcile PC users with keyboards with those who love strategy Applicative tablets: universal apps must pass to complete the Windows 10 Mobile store as well as the migration of apps from the Apple Store to Windows 10 mobile Web browser: EDGE but it must re-conquer users went to Chrome or Firefox by quickly providing easy migration of Add-ons / Chrome to Edge pluggins. Goove and Video: Finally the movie MKV playback, a music app that is shapely, ergonomic and pretty! And of course, all the new features of Windows 10 security for the company and ultimately extremely simple and fast integration with Office 365! Bravo (confirmed as part of a large-scale deployment because the world company in Europe is not necessarily similar to Microsoft)
the reliability of the system
Innovation, simplicity
touch UI
newer interface, upgrade from win7 possible
-simplification of the common interface - same concepts on various types of devices - dev channel
Sound system with interface accomplished, but vigilance to assume on the exchange of data with Microsoft.
Its very intuitive usability
Unlike Windows 8.1 the user feels not lost, it is easy to find these brands on the few positions that we have deployed. Microsoft has done a nice job with this OS. However for the moment very few editor profession we Council pass on because their software are not certified.
Synthesis of the strengths of Windows 7 and Windows 8
better than seven
A good mix between Windows 7 and Windows 8.1
Return of the menu start stability / reliability speed
Found the menu start
Modernity adapting to devices
modernity
An OS on multiple devices
allows to have a single bone on all terminals
Same OS cross device
Unified interface that enables the convergence of the PC and shelves around a same OS with adapted ergonomics. We often hear about problems of performance and response time.
A bone-oriented to be Multicurrency. Expectations about optimization of industrialization by the Windows 10 ecosystem
The fact that it allows seamless experience between smartphone and Tablet-PC, from the user perspective. For developers, the ability to develop once for all support and ease porting the code from other OS.
OS modern facilitating the use of platforms hardware hybrid and mobility
A bone for all environments users Workstation Client/Server, Tablet, smartphone, laptop... It was time! More than the base OS update.
Common OS between PCs, tablets, smartphones
Ergonomics, reliability
a unique technical base whatever equipment - more mobility
Same OS across all devices Good UI/UX.  Integration of Cortana
Homogeneous environment regardless of the device used.
Same OS Tablet / PC Interface
Ease of navigation in applications, ability to easily throw on a remote screen, Windows Hello
Ease, performance, clarity of the interface
Performance ergonomics
improves Windows 8, which has been an ill-prepared version, in my opinion. Productivity increase for certain points, but not all
Faster
speed management mode Tablet or pc classic usability, compatibility
Inputs (VSM) security virtual desktops the integration of features reserved for Ese of Win 7 versions that are available in version Pro of Win 10 (Language Pack, BitLocker: was already the case with Win 8 but few firms have adopted it) the return of the start menu (whose absence bears part of the responsibility for the failure of Win 8)
Quite flexible and modern
Stable and reliable. Lack can be a little transparency against privacy.
Stability; Ergonomics
Stability W7 innovative (Edge, Cortona) application compatibility cross-platform
Stability and ergonomics
Good OS that appears stable; Windows 7 was already a good OS so it is not easy to find arguments to move so quickly to Windows 10 (migration costs on multi sites); free upgrade process from Windows 7 and 8 not very clear in the world of business (Windows Pro)
Stability, ergonomics
The Os is very stable.
Stability, performance.
Best security, stability and ergonomics that windows 8
The more open than Windows 8 interface. The ability to use the touch functions or not. The possibility to use the same product on all devices including the smartphone. The system of the OS update.
True touch OS (vs 7) optimization of startup times and stop really effective upgrade OS platform
enjoy shift and innovations by finding better ergonomics
Same overall strategy of simplifying "transparent" upgrades - yearly cycles of OS refreshes, allowing Enterprises to stick to best in class OS, in lowering the effort and compatibility issues between one major release and the next generation, of interesting generation (e.g.. from Win7 to Win10).  For what regards Win10 mobile... fully unmanaged, from an Enterprise point of view (what models can be upgraded ? when ? how can we bypass - if ever - carriers lack to plan upgrades ? ?? ... what is the short term strategy to avoid the blocking stack MSFT / mobile operators ? ... to be developed 
Improved workplace responsiveness and better management of the update
touch?
Tested with success in the personal world and on my post of telework we however need to be accompanied for deployment within our company but the pressure on the commitment in return for this assistance is harmful
I understand that you have decide to have a modular, well segmented bone at the level of the kernel and the kernel modules. It's been just 40 years on code Linux on this principle, it was time to open our eyes. Concretely change the air interesting from the point of view of the admins.
Personal still insufficient documentation to make accurate judgments
In unfavourable: the simplified for business administration.
A full accessible work environment from any location safely safety management and the integration of the software client heavy suite Office and between different bricks are significant advantages over other solutions (Google Drive and others)
easy to use and complete
No need to deploy an infrastructure, responsiveness of applications...
Its use easy and familiar.
Cloud and clear and simple licensing for the enterprise mode.
The new features added to base Office
Full suite of software with operating mode hybrid cloud / on premise
quality of the offer and many features
Optimization of the costs of managing software non-core business.
To benefit from any continued office and messaging in a homogeneous way
Flexibility, mobility
Too early to talk about migrating to Office 365 is underway.
its economic model and support
Accessibility, availability
availability of the data in the cloud
Permanent evolution, wide range of application, Skype for Business very well perceived in the Group
The collobaration / One Drive / one Note
Solution Cloud complete allowing a rapid deployment into new entities. Some problems sync with One Drive but very good general operation.
Simplicity and accessibility
Ease of implementation, easier administration
accessibility from anywhere, speed of implementation, the storage capacity, multi-devices, features always up to date...
Set of tools powerful optimizers performance oriented communication, the cloud and the collaborative.
The range of solutions for a competitive price
Complete. Open. Offers On and Off line.
It's better than Lotus Notes!
Features
Adequacy of the offer for large company, exhaustivites of bone/FP for which we can consume services Office 365. Cohesion of the offer with all microsoft products, an example Project Online and Planner 365 who come to meet, in part, a vacuum operated by many companies SAAS (Trello, Basecamp). For example, integration of Yammer in Office 365, fasitidieux and long but strategically important job for large companies to simplify deployments and accelerrer change (Attention to JIVE, Slack, Spotcues, Kore) complementarity of the offer Office management 365 WEB and Office on the workstation clients: it is not yet possible to deploy the version completely in WEB mode. Many are looking to justify a 100% migration to switch from Apple! The Outlook client remains a PIVOTAL tool in the Online/Offline strategy and must continue to evolve with the web full offerings (example: Outlook manages the [group] function natively)
Functional richness of product Integration scalability
Ease of installation and update. Decrease in the burden of managing messaging internally. Very complete offer facilitates mobility
Integrated solution that manages the Office Automation in general; It allows for example to open new sites quickly with all the desktop tools, including communication and storing files
Flexibility, agility in deployment, readability of costing, delegation of the lower layers of infrastructure
anywhere, anytime, any device
Flexibility in implementation. Principle of "pay per user". Robustness of the solution
Good overall ergonomics and good interconnections between the various tools
Strong integration with the suite of software Client heavy Office 2013
Interactivity between the products the ability to use the product everywhere or lies and in the same manner on all of our aircraft. The systematic use of the latest current version.
Available everywhere, reliability, many applications.
Ease of deployment; pay-as-you-go
Simple licensing, no investments, suitable for the growth of enterprise
The regular versions update
Innovation Collaboration between components (Yammer, OneDrive, Office...)
accessibility, availability, update
shared document management & access to its documents from anywhere.
Ease of use - easy Administration
constant innovation, flexibility, ease of deployment, simplified and efficient integration with app/device (Office, mobile devices, OS)
Collaborative function
SW management control, as well a various channels of SW distribution  but mostly, outsourced management of the SW lifecycle, with a pretty good flexibility (3 rhythms - basically, public users, enterprise and enterprise conservative). Enterprise needs clearly are this time taken into account, with the medium update cycle.  A plus - support of diversity (most major endpoints, from MSFT to OSX/iOS)
SaaS benefits (automatic upgrades, costs based on usage and enhanced scalability) Extended storage capabilities (larger mailboxe...) Multi-devices (BYOD)
reduction of the infrastructure, model OPEX for ease of updates
We are already under O365 it works perfectly fine
ease of cross device
Interactivity.
Ease of access for the use
Office Online, Exchange, Yammer, Skype For Business
Flexibility, access platform and multi-OS
Management of archives email from international manner with respect for the various laws of every country in the world. Simplified users license management system. Application always up to date Microsoft Infrastructure
OFFICE 365 allows to adapt to different needs and perimeters and benefit updates as they are published.
access, rates, security, integration of the applicative bricks between them
Availability on a range of systems (PC, Tablet, Smartphone beyond systems specifically Microsoft (non-Windows PC, Tablet not Surface, etc).) The quality of the infrastructure Cloud Azure from Microsoft.
Integration of all of the collaborative solutions messaging and value storage capacity
Reliability, flexibility, accessibility
collaboration and ease of use on different equipment
accessible from anywhere and more equipment
Flexible solution accessible anywhere with a suitable subscription.
Microsoft OFFICE 365 we to permit improved our collaboration with the tits of our group of hospitals. Not being able to manage an exchange internally due to lack of human and material means office 365 we helped to make a good forward in hospital productivity.
Offering mobility to the collaboration. Postage for the operation of the solution and the provision of versions of the latest applications.
The relevance of the following accessible Agency of any type of device, the portal, the capacitive Exchange and One Drive, the quality of Skype for Business, the collaborative
Complete, cloud, multimedia, collaborative
the contribution of OneDrive
Do not rely on Microsoft's end-to-end solutions.
Deepen his knowledge of the problems of security of a bank. Understand and integrate policy of BNP Paribas when IT security.
To be evaluated or approved by independent companies specializing in security
Our RSSI goes this week to Dublin see a Microsoft Data Center. the return he can have will be may be positive for the next
Communicate on their products
Know more about safety requirements specific to our business and we make benefit also of possible best practices experienced in other contexts.
Propose solutions that are directly managed by you. Example: The certificate for MDM management / Intune. We can only use the certificates provided by Microsoft. Partnerships with providers of security solutions that would apply the same principles of good integration of their tools that you, but would be considered as trusted third parties. In the case of the PKI, make it more visible your inability to retrieve data from your clients, without implied consent (grand challenges of SAAS applications!)
That he invited on-site to "visit" a data center or make an illustrated presentation of the applied security measures.
Incorporating standard some security solutions in Office365. Ex: ATP - RMS.... We believe that safety is a subject too important to make room for the AddOn
Ensure the confidentiality of the data limit the information passing and or stored at Microsoft secure information flows transiting to the MS cloud through internet physically closer (Datacenter) infrastructure of its customers (Europe or France)
It's the ransom of success: many customers, many attacks, many faults.  The opacity of the system contributes to mistrust
I do not see the Council provided by Microsoft in the security field
Be more transparent with the telemetry of your apps/services. => Know what is really harvested and be able to represent the results to users for their contribution. If the users do not see how the data collected by Microsoft allows to accomplish, it easily loses confidence.
I think security requires independence of normal system operation. Also is a high degree of specialization required. If a universal provider such as MS ever can do that is questionable to me.
reinforced protection of sensitive data in the cloud
A more rapid contact socket. However, the new team has now taken over and actions to meet our expectations seem committed.
A point of physical and formal exchange between the 3 parties
Sending of information advising of changes of organization and responsibilities within the CAIH.
There is a?
Cheaper features: engine research, mapping, etc.
Cloud computing
as it is only in SAAS mode it is necessarily a more "native" cloud history
although scope of services are different, AWS is simple to activate and prone to innovation 
Microsoft is an equivalent to Amazon Web Services provider...
the technological offer is more important
Smartphones, tablets, marketing, innovations, home interface / machine.
Mobility and integration of services
Simplicity of the Google Apps, then Microsoft stack, "is" still the layer Exchange rather than a true 'Service'
very tricky question - as the main focus is not mentioned (from an endpoint (workplace / mobile) point of view ? business apps ? .. considering MSFT as the cleat leader on the workplace as defined today, I answered Google. Could have been SAP for the business apps.  from a workplace point of views, I eventually selected Google. Tight integration of office suites, cloud drive, support of diversity (all platforms), strong footprint on mobility (Android), very easy to secure via 2 factors (authenticator-), low cost of ownership Could have been Apple btw. With slightly different comments, obviously. 
Google is probably years ahead of Microsoft in foundational technology (as Microsoft is ahead of the rest).
Innovation and Opensource
Most innovative on a much broader spectrum
It is cheaper and covers all fields of technology (Service, Office, storage, big data, etc)
The price
Price
specific development for customers
A to Z robust series for high-volume platforms.
The outsourcing of our infrastructures
Not on the same techno
The Mainframe!
priori integration of collaborative tools through Verse
Microsoft responds more finely than Microsoft to problems specific to the banking world.
Historical actor on the hardware + software integration services and positioning on outsourcing/infrastructure
compliance with the commitments
IBM makes better operations IT. Microsoft does not operations IT Microsoft offers Cloud and Software more coherent
R & D
Reliability.
The Oracle database is very stable and very reliable. The support for Oracle is a quality.
It enjoys a better credibility to meet the need of large companies in the world of transactional, in particular.
ERPs and financial tools, engineered systems
Flexibility and Openess. 
ERP
Eigetnlich you can not ask this question. SAP and MS are more complementary than competitors. Can you compare one of a ship with a plane?
My relationship with Sap is historical and I have better control, current from that can offer Sap I gradually discover the wealth application, software, Microsoft services including through recent contacts, different presentations, high-quality, causing it to recommend solutions Microsoft (dynamics, cloud) previously I made the choice of Office 365, which is for me the best solution Office extended.
Stability of the solution
c is equivalent
VDI and managing associated profiles
no loss of time of knowledge of a client complex
Good handover. 
CA went well
i met the former one and the new one at the same time : clear and efficient transition
Relational always very good level
Frequent contacts grip perimeter Michelin Activation of good 'networks' in MS
New account effective and competent Director, knowing products like the Organization internal Microsoft, effective in finding the right internal contacts
Make you presentation.  Awareness of current records
Good knowledge of the issues, but encourage a new dynamic
the management of the transition has been very positive, so no need for more efficiency
The transition is made by the simplest and most effective. -E-mail from the Director of outgoing account, - the incoming account manager email + RDV!
DK
The passage of relay from one to the other
RAS
Tariff issues
the availability of the SfB experts
Change of sales representative every year do not allow setting up a client/supplier relationship worthy of the name
The main dissatisfaction comes from the level of result achieved compared to the time spent and the ability to transform and effectively accomplish. Weakness in the execution. Mesh and overall functioning with Corp. Quite satisfied for the rest.
development of the WAT solution
Bad enough understanding of the context and the client environment.
Relevance of deliverables, prohibitive costs
Apart from the accompaniment of MCS from one of our affiliates (end 2014) during its migration to O365, which has value besides my strong recommendation from another subsidiary for the same accompaniment (mi-2015), we have never been accompanied or received sufficient expertise to carry out our thoughts of integration of Microsoft products
the ability to find pragmatic and simple solutions to solve the problems that could seem complicated, in particular by asking others to help in the search for solutions
Rapid situation analysis
The accompaniment of Luc Vo Van, consultant MCS, a migration of our API IOT on Azure project.
Response to call for tenders CRM demonstration Dynamics
Agility / Expertise
the client satisfaction concern for the account manager
I could be invited to visit the centre of innovations from Microsoft
Skills
Excellent involvement in our project work environment and a real desire to accompany us to lead. A very good capacity to adapt to the evolutions of the constraints and guidelines changes.
stop listening to the users of the Sunday
already discussed in previous issues
Have an exhaustive knowledge of our SI. The different Microsoft partners ensure the informtation. Consider our obligations as a public and our budgetary constraints.
Frame better opportunities POC products
MS = the daily tools
I especially enjoyed the proactive services: RAP (Exchange, SharePoint, SQL)
see above
Nothing more
See previous answer. I made an effort to answer your questionnaire, you play now :)
I don't mind not commercial relations with Microsoft.
Do actually...
Does not know, because our sales being licensed
None to date
I just answered randomly it is not me who has links with the account manager. I have just invitations to seminars, presentations...
Nothing in particular.
Simplify the licensing policy, make it more agile.
Licensing OS server, Lync, SQL too complex and too changing from one year to the other
Follow-up and accompaniment of Microsoft during our Lync project
attach a monthly monitoring of business appointments. 2 hours of meeting One / One quiet to make a full point
websites - for a search for information more relevant without being redirected to a page that is longer maintained for a long time.
A better identified customer account containing all info (commercial, technical, hotline etc...). The "My account" type
SUPER speakers very good programs reactivity
more relationships
Longer available since September 2015 correspondents
Simplify me testing of solutions.
simplify the tools at the disposal of the partners: too many, too scattered
Simplification of contracts...
Developer offers training and certification, making them more accessible and less costly.
Improve the training part by proposing questions answers with a Microsoft trainer in videoconference or other
Efficient and competitive software. However the contents of the MVA website and offers certification to accompany the professionals whose very clearly insufficient.
The relationship is going very well
develop products that work, easy to use, be really innovative
For the moment no Madame Roux fully respond to our expectations professionalism is more to demonstrate
Nothing more excellent delivery and communication
Orientation more open on open-source innovation better communicate and licencing simplify
better contextualise most of the MS offer environmentally Tarkett
Grow the MS consulting team who really is a very involved and particularly powerful team. It requires more resources.
NULL
the level is the same
More features in virtualization management solutions
offer data hosting in a french Datacenter "sovereign cloud" mode hybrid
strategy private store / public: respond to the problem of the mobile devices (tablets, notebook, smartphones) less and less present in the corporate network
More agnostic - compatible with more offers (ex AT & T Netbond...)
Robust machines
flexibility of the evolution of the proposed products free of certain products tools
think an offer for public companies.  do not go through partners who blurred messages
out a device with a compatible with the Windows 10 continuum acceptable pruix
Suite application Retail Support and Prospective
Very good support during migration. Exemplary assistance
Searching for more reliability
Reliability
Its strategy is not constrained by Windows
Microsoft had the difference to rely on a strong network and partner ecosystem, this is no longer the case. Apple does not really, but equivalence products/services are much more successful for the final customer.
VMware virtualization solutin is better than Hyper V
the evolution of its products
Develop the approach (and optimise the cost) solutions 'Big Data'
Improve the tariff provision of some services - today too onerous (backup VM, SQL Server, etc.) Improve the ergonomics of the portals of management (technical and administrative)
Lower prices
Solutions
Microsoft France should propose accommodation in France for local authorities
Improve its support
Aid for the use of tools
nothing more
More flexible infrastructure software and O.S
nothing for the moment, the concept of cloud is not yet tucked into the collective conscience of our company
win Apple or Android market share. To do this, it takes more apps on the store
not comparable: IBM i (AS400 and its OS) have no equivalent MSFT conversely Office has no equivalent IBM
Complete integration of Yammer in Office365
accompaniment in the grip of the solutions, and the approach to open services or migration / replacement (example: passage from on premise to the cloud, partial or full of Mysite by Yammer,...)
It would be long to develop. but I'm available to talk to you about. You have my contact information mail that I authorize you to use to ask me more questions face to face.
More visibility on flows to the Microsoft Datacenter
This meets our needs.
Very satisfied with relations and the microsfot skills
No dissatisfaction
I have not seen major changes in our relationship with Microsoft. It goes the same for product range.
Microsoft licensing web sites seem not very clear to me. Confusion between old and new? We had to ask the partner to come and explain to us how it works
Simplify licensing types, show valid price for all. provide real discounts on the quantity. Today all that is microsoft agreement are of real 'gas factories' that nobody understands...
facilitate the management of licences
It is very difficult to get reliable information on licences. The accompaniment of the claimant remains low at my level
License Cal prices which are overpriced
Best accompaniment on the implementation of solutions - better visibility on subscriptions and contracts - more flexibility on subscriptions with too much commitment periods of 3 years!
Best taken into account economic realities of communities by adapting the licensing
Simplify licensing
software assurance remains complicated to manage and defend in the professional world even if it simplifies the management of Park.  For example with Windows 10 an individual will be free of licence from a windows 7 or 8, but in the professional world no 
Nosu are Select contract more. No cover on the possibility of this contract. On al software products assuarnec the Microsoft Management has been in default with our resellers. This acquisition volume and tracking portal are not clear enough for us.
not always easy management, including artistic blur on Windows 10 (which has been clarified since an intervener's Microsoft (3rd to have applied but who was good))
Products are surely quality but the commercial accompaniment remains fairly low or non-existent.  Moreover, the licensing mode is very opaque... and often incomprehensible.
Licensing mode between too complex
We pay licensing subscriptions in EI that we no longer use and cannot terminate
Have a system of licensing simple and understandable
Simplicity in the management of licences
non-competitive offer, unreadable licensing
different licensing modes are difficult to understand and lack of flexibility
flexibility in licensing and its follow-up (heavy MVLS site)
do not change during the project the price of licences
Eternal problem of understanding of the licensing mode. There are many complexities and subtleties that prevent to understand and properly use licenses and services. Microsoft internet sites are not sufficiently clear for the answer to a question. Sorry b
by providing concrete answers to questions regarding licensing in relation to a given technical environment.
Incomprehensible licencing system
adaptation of the price of licences (CALs in particular) to the economic realities of today in the context of crisis.
too complex system of licensing and contracts, prices, sales team does not always satisfactorily addressing (revolving around the licensing).
a clear licensing to exactly predict the costs of ' a project or solution to be implemented
Office, SQL Server, CAL device server 2008, server 2008
A more flexible licensing policy...
the licensing
least an intermediary and a simpler licensing
understanding the different licensing (particularly in the context of virtualization)
License more simple and understandable policy.
Simplify the licensing mode
Simplify the licensing; reduce the cost of licensing.
Flexibility at the level of contracts EA
managing complicated in the context of public buying group. aggressive intervener for the control of the licences no possibility of grouping of client licenses (cal RDS, office, exchange, SCCM server) for the small political entities between Govt and educ
SharePoint licensing. We had trouble understanding licenses actually installed in our partner but we were able to make the point.
Generator of errors and complicated licensing mode
Be able to modulate down the Office 365 licences at least quarterly.
simplify the license policy and avoid the change in time
Totally unclear licensing program and changing all the time (per process, per user, per machine etc...)
high license prices / courrencence obligation of the same license / to all employees of the company on certain contract no possibility to down grade no listening on dn es discount products in synthere MICROSOFT c is very expensive / competing products and
Lower tariffs
The price
licensing rules lack clarity.
Lower costs.
Update the licensing to the taste of the day... The Host/Socket/Core concept is outdated
Rates reduction and/or optimisation of contracts
Licensing Office to the use
simplified multiple types of existing licencing
Mount a POC
Simplification of licensing because it is impossible d have certainty a good perception of the os server and sql changes
Licensing changes pricing without really added value when we get not in the economic vision of Microsoft c is to say the cloud
being more proactive on our needs: roadmap dynamics, convergence mobile/PC, services10...
More frequent meetings. Anticipation of problems of licensing (Office 2010,...)
Better train its partners to better inform customers
For equal service, sweeter price.
not as good as the google offer offers office 365
Site improvement internet partners and their updating. many updates and connection problems make their complex use
the office suite MS is still very expensive.
be more present on the market. Microsoft is invisible on this market segment
the price
Get us even more than better rates.
put the full licensing in annual use of type cloud usage contract (pay per use). For example, in a unique platform of follow-up for all services / licenses. (classic license plus outside the EOM)
Influence on the reduction of licence for public services costs and enable us to access at preferential rates on devices for small quantities (POCs).
Flexibility for license agreements
Lower entrance to the hybrid Cloud?
The migration of our subscriptions from Pay as you Go to Open Azure
Reduction of tariffs "gov" and adaptation of licensing systems "business" for local authorities that manage both the administration and education.
Maintenance pricing
Simplify your policy of licensing, particularly for virtualized posts!
a true price on programs Government effort would be appreciated.
Improve the site's key management and licensing
Free a company cloud multi users? No, I dream!
Reduction of tariffs on the licensing and the cloud
The problems of crash of OneDrive who loses the connection with the created library.
By offering faster /facilement good pricing over its competitors! In our case, it is the Gmail which has been chosen to migrate our email system solution while people came to deploy office 365 for collaboration
Ensure prices which are optimized in case of extension of the use of Microsoft solutions by my company
Migration of "supporters" packages
Allow a more rapid discussion on price volume
Simplify the management of licences
a breakdown of the costs on the BU, a better offers technical and safety
By simplifying licensing: Microsoft is the only editor who needs to regularly audits licences.  They are complex, and for a small computer service like ours is an intolerable workload. I'm not complaining that the licences be too expensive but they are to
Provide definitions of simple licenses, allowing the it Manager to not lose whole days on this subject.
Simplify licensing, so that this is no longer a headache for it managers
Clarify its policy of licence
Management of contracts and licences Dynamics Nav by our interlocutors (Mrs. Zeidan and M. Roels Thomassin) (the approximation has already started).
Have a value to offer to its customers.
More options in the MDM without having to pass a Intune
Have a better scale of tariffs, greater stability in its licensing models but also ensure better monitoring of the uses of your products without systematically going through audits complicated and heavy to handle.
Integration of the management of mobile devices in SCCM
Experience related to renewals and add-on inTunes
Move all of your licenses to a subscription system.
Simplify the licensing system.
Simplify the licensing system
Support clients on licensing issues.
Simplify the enlistment of the Windows Phone with Intune.
To simpler licensing conditions.
I have no particular problem with Microsoft products, so no particular reason to be dissatisfied
do us a demo of mobile convergence  PC/surface for us help to deploy internally
Better integrate Yammer with O365 (Skype for Business, SharePoint, OneDrive), more clarity on O365 groups vs Yammer.
Windows 'phone' (10)
Allow me to test different solutions to describe the most suitable terminals: Surface, hybrids W10, Windows Phone.
Learn how to deliver innovation in well finished quality and ergonomic products
accompaniments of installation benefits
SCCM 2012 R2 late for mobility
Innovation, creation of new communication standards and security protocols (type HSRP).
Find the smoothness lost from my 800 lumia, I thought that it could go that in improving but disappointed that it is worse and worse (flowing) be competitive mobile applications level, still not comparable has Android and IOS me offer headphones hololens
The new suite office are quality, but many features are not yet enough oriented "productivity". The sluggish performance of the products makes me lose time between 30 minutes and 1 hour per day... 1 hour on Office 2013, 30 min on office 2016 so it is bett
Still, the IE browser policy seems not very clear next Office365. OneDrive proves to be relatively unstable when synchronizing
Meeting together with the old and the new
immediate ownership of the account
provide its tools on windows as on mac (Lync 2011 mac is a crime!), use standards for interactions with Azure (a cspkg for the nodeJS? really?)
Bad interlien between seller and informative centralization / name error, mail... too much waiting for validation and Microsoft cannot directly modify the elements of a sale to a reseller!
Improve its BI products to meet the same need as SAP Business Objects in terms of ad hoc query
Quality products, reliable and universal
Exchanges between partners must go 2-way "win - win"
Offers 365 extends again with new products
A new Hyper V fuller including version to build a PCA
Close to end users
a telephone contact for example socket.
Integration complete and finalized platform Office365 with Delve, Yammer, Sway and Power BI... recent who still need to evolve. I am therefore carefully the roadmap.
Accompaniment on malfunction
Ensure that French legislation applies the data protection.  Accompany the change
The stability of individual computing platforms is sometimes unsatisfactory with the reboot often remaining the only curative action.
Product always evolving
-Updates too frequently and poorly documented.  (Hard to keep a stable environment). -Problems of compatibility IE11 with OWA.  -User interface easy for users (Windows 7)
Being associated a Numericable SFR for the connection Data. Today only france Orange is available
Better integration of the MS products between them also in mode hybrid and Online
Solutions that are fishing in stability and ergonomics.
Stop the perpetual updates and policy changes
"Friendly" platform and controlled by a vast majority of people. The stability of the system seems in great progress.
Visibility services and support consumption first and business agreement. Better accompaniment on SCOM and Cloud
Latest incident
Windows 8 me well please. I'm starting to get used to SharePoint but is really very complex to manage as a platform.
More coherence in the SHAREPOINT offer
More rapid consideration of the debug of products
products stable and scalable - market standard
Improve support for containers in the next version of Windows Server
better support to accompany our technicians on the problems of our customers on your cloud services.
Further help partners wanting to start in skills and level of certification.   It seems that those who benefit from the greatest support and support are those who already possess the knowledge necessary to be certified, there or those who aspire to become
Our only recourse to the Premier Support has concerned our StorSimple solution... And it took to climb up to the US (no support EMEA on this technology) with a quality of service that seemed far from that expected.
reliability of innovative products...
Improve Microsoft technical support
Follow-up TAM.  Council on foundations such as office products. No involvement in knowledge and the evolution of our SI
break large between the operation of Exchange versions complex
Responsiveness of support. Involvement in an incident. Proposal of training and support to improve and sustain our infra
knowledge of the topics and mastery of the incidents to remedy this quickly
Mainly the incident on the WindowsPhone. Otherwise the advice of our TAM on BI
The resolution of incidents is greatly facilitated.
Software work well, this is what we call first.
Products in production at we are very operational and appreciated. MS Consulting with us properly in our upcoming projects. The roadmap of products seems relevant and interesting for us.
Resolution of incidents. Proposal for a meeting with IEPs.
More readability on the syndication part!
Solutions that meet our expectations
AZURE
Adapted to use POCs
To make its revolution on security!
price and security
Continuous improvement of the understanding of our needs
Taking account of our public service constraints
The simplicity and cost
Continue in the understanding of the constraints inherent in the public service
The reactivity
gfgf
Crm2015 n is WindoWs 10 interesting Sql server 2016 prometeur Windows Server 2016 good but why not on sql server 2014? Why change tools administration server continuously with a farm neighbor
Increase the stability of the products would be a mark of respect vis-à-vis users!
Prior presentation to change, passage of the folder
No mobility currently in the enterprise
No management of Office license "to use" (ditto for Office 365) which leads to unnecessary licenses.
Stability of the solutions in the time
Do not exit not finished versions (e.g. Windows 8). Develop clear online help
Reliability.
Faster fill functional and technical gaps with its competitors (including googleapps)
reduce the costs of devices increase the control and compatibility any type of mobile
Azure part is not yet at the height of the AWS cloud services
Microsoft products meet my expectations
very good product, simple implementation
Please to have reliable and secure products
Too aggressive and do not take into account the pace of company l and internal priorities
Facilitate the auto training
Create a data center in france
good evolution of the performance enhancement products
arrange meetings with other partners for the P2P business
interlocutor who already knows our society and who has chosen us
fully integrate SharePoint and yammer
Compliance quality of our correspondent (e) s. quality products including Office 365
Answer to my last request for accompaniment on the nursery Azure program. A simple no would have enough...
identical to the previous monitoring
Assistance in the choice of integration partners
I think that Microsoft should go back and build on the technical merits of its partners. Today Microsoft gives vision to a network of Distributor without creation of technology.
Without comment
The price...
well recommend good integrators partners of Microsoft very sharp on Microsoft products. improve SHAREPOINT users
Cloud, ok for hosting but what about l outsourcing of our platforms?
Client monitoring, knowledge and an effective Board
A real apprehension of the client and its constraints. constant monitoring.
It is necessary to follow the opinions of users in discussion forums and acts accordingly
Inform su roles new solutions applying to my area (Retail)
Technical support
Have a clear commercial policy particularly towards communities. a client clear and close monitoring.
By occupying the field by a pro-active and dynamic relationship management.
Commercial relationship management
Being attentive to the business of its customers and propose solutions that fit and not the reverse.
The speed of response to a request
Anne Sophie Gabeaud're all simply outstanding! nothing to say
a visit to site of the new Manager will have been minimal with better anticipation... but hey, it's just a maternity leave so I understand
as usual, MS has great products but lack the last meters between the product and the implementation average "real" size clients who do not have the means to pay an army of consultant. You will create a team of ex "agile" of SMEs DSI to provide a service d
The use of a LAR in the middle (pencil) adds a layer of unnecessary management... Everything should be managed online and only the expertise provided by the software or the VAR. It is still too complicated!
They better take into account the 'clients' impacts of any deployment or technical operation. the risks of having a major client operations harmful consequence are almost zero when, at Microsoft, it is very consistent that a view as (simple) from a point 
conventional contracts OPEN or other are a gas uzine to follow. Fortunately for us, our approach ensuring a pack of license from the sourcing of the hardware help much. I r ^ ve of a single portal on which we could simply do a shift of the consumption of 
We are no longer followed partner... We are working on MRC for 10 years and we cannot have a relationship of trust despite our projects, our expertise and our certifications. Our Organization is can certainly be improved but I lead a Department of 70 peop
Personally I have not yet met him
The proposed bundles do not adapt necessarily necessary client. Often forced to buy oversized.
We print with Microsoft to be away from personal contact. We work a lot with CCMS/Oracle, contacts are more personalised and human.
better involvement and customer relationship and TAM on developments projects and product roadmap
Lack of flexibility and reactivity
Range Dynamics well integrated in the Microsoft strategy
We have always been accompanied by
remain as it is
open-mindedness and much more technical
Innovation
proposed programs accompanying commercial event Support
Improve the ergonomics of the various sites at our disposal: PSX, VVR/SDPS, MPN, etc
More than proximity to the teams
keeping this momentum and this proximity.
Excellent technical skills and aggressive marketing approach
Expertise and low project management
Better followed, more especially, best product and developments in the right direction
More training in french
very good work of our PSE
Good
a single PSE for all our business
We are the largest part of our turnover with Microsoft services and products
more local, more contacts,
The Iaas offers simpler is better (in terms of number of features)
Support for Microsoft solutions (e.g. Lync / Sharepoint / Exchange) in prod on Azure
More commercial proactivity
I think that Microsoft is clearly seeking partnership to promote its own solutions infrastructure and platform Cloud, in order to operate the digital transformation that is revolutionizing our industry, but also transform its own activity and ensure the f
With the coming of the Cloud, Microsoft offers a new opening on the partnership.  On the other hand, the nature of the services offered Microsoft also changes the nature of the relationship...
My position of product manager within the Cloud of my business entity does remind not correctly judge the partner account team.
IBM covers some areas that Microsoft does not (servers...). On the other hand, Microsoft is better on others.   I believe, however, that Microsoft follows better developments. Strong Cloud strategy is according to me the right.
On the Cloud strategy, I think Microsoft is too advanced for a number of clients (example those needing on-premise cloud)... But it is only a question (and a bsuiness) of a few years.  Microsoft more clearly define the perimeter, and more strongly support
Software offerings
lead generation plan
dedicated lead generation plan
We signed deals in common, sharing of pipe is more smoothly since... trust is there!
Facilitate a more l access to the training of our delivery teams
storage management facilitates mobility integration with AD no painful break in the habits of users
The Microsoft approach to innovation seems clearer and more attractive.
The meetings with the Microsoft account team are always very efficient and pleasant. They could be a little more frequent.
The technological evolution of Cisco seems more natural (passage of the hardware and software network hardware and software servers, progressive evolution towards software and communication).  In addition Cisco remains in the professional world. Their par
The direction of account Microsoft accompanied us with growing efficiency in recent years. This direction of account just change. Hope that the new leadership will take over with the same efficiency.  Previous account management gave us an interesting pro
-support on difficulties around Exchange - audits of databases to improve application performance
Global drive, clear product strategy, openness, timeliness...
-Clarity of the strategy - partnership - quality of teams
I am working with Microsoft for many years and my opinion is always positive
Working in partnership precisely because
More lead and more margin on cloud solutions
Excellent communication listening and supports appropriate
Very clear Cloud strategy, followed very good level PES
Better communication with partners. Better intra-company communication (at Microsoft) regarding topics partners
Less tools back Office, Process to reduce
More communication with stakeholders and partners topics
To streamline the communication between the different teams (account team, team products,...)
Construction of common offers
The contracting co / the "Win - Win" relationship
Excellent relationship and professionalism of our EFP (Aurélie Géroult)
No, excellent work
Collaborative work on the EPG and SMSP accounts
Quality trade and reactivity. Quality of joint actions are in place.
more intuitive tools Process less cumbersome Concierge MPN speaking french
no comment
Proximity to the partnership.
We have recruited a MVP Azure collaborator in January 2015. We have made this investment to align our development with Microsoft's strategy. We organized numerous internal actions with our commercial forces, communication with our clients, setting up mark
Possibility to bring us more leads on the service
internal consistency of the Organization Microsoft actions committed by their partners
We can always improve but Aurélie is an excellent partner for Sqli. At the same time, dynamic, competent and close to us, I haven't in experienced better so far.
consistency between his organization and the role of partners and their investment
ecommerce solution
Quality of the business relationship
Offer partners a specific incentive on the promotion of the SQL Server Enterprise License restore concierge MPN and accompany partners for the adoption of new programmes recognize in a derogative way Clouds assets already when the program changes
-Restore a competent french MPN janitor (caretaker since 1/9/2015 more, fix for accessing resources)
That Yammer creates a user club.
More listening.
I'm basically on the relationship with Yammer. For this area, I am afraid poor listening.
More local and more tuned in an operational way on strategic topics for lCL.
Offer the possibility of resuming the stocks application developed with the Android.
Present concrete use cases of integration of Microsoft tools in control of the Bank.
Complexity and administrative burden growing.  A VLSC site which remains inadequate for large businesses, including mutual international dimension problem on subscriptions to Cloud solutions: too many restrictions, unable to track in good condition... It 
Improve the flexibility of contracts (remix produced, principle of deployment of solutions, etc.) Less administrative burden, particularly on Cloud solutions. A site Licensing (VSLC) better, safer and more ergonomic. To have dashboards for tracking contra
high dynamics of development of new products around Windows 10
Security of banking data
Improved responsiveness to our requests and monitoring
Large systems
?
Better coordination with the services division
Fix access to technical experts. Too many "commercial" between us and the "specialists".
strategic repositioning of the Microsoft Group on a coordinated approach to market and business
pay annually is less interesting than to buy a license
an open cloud system
Virtualization non owner
Security, lesser reversibility
Help us better in our specific context by a contribution of expertise on the possible uses of the range be better aligned with our own priorities
Better focus the work and proposals on what can make the value in our context rather than decline the entire catalogue. Be more selective and better prioritize records.
Yet raise the level of expertise and contribution on architectures, and focus the effort on our priorities
Selectivity
Not in our priorities, sought priority application cloud solutions
I am not yet informed me about Microsoft mobility offerings. This is why I can't decide on products
Customer relationship
retrieving data ;)
Training in the use of Azure
Clarify social offers integrated SharePoint 2013 and provides Yammer
make useful intune
Business activity
new very close organization of AIS
Availability of the interlocutors.
Energizes and Actions of our interlocutors
Find a solution that allows publishers to the public sector (local authorities) to add a competing BI bid to SAP - Business objects in their bid for a lower cost.
Create a data center in France.
Sales team to listen.
The costs are very important for my industry. Even with the agreement company and rates "Gov't". It is increasingly difficult to resist the incentives of transition to free software despite the additional costs required to process the change.
Virtualization
a better online help
Continue our current relations started it a year ago
Develop common actions - working together-
In providing me answers to the questions I posed in a reasonable time
more reliable. The versions are not compatible as Microsoft who released a 2007 Office version that was not compatible with previous versions forcing us to buy all licences
We have a tariff that suits us
better business relationship
Coming to meet me once per year it would already be quite...
Better knowledge of my sector of activity (territorial collectivity)
Intervention in connection with the Exchange Online / Public Folders / Lync Online
Better understanding of the clients business needs. Opening of Microsoft products to other technologies in the market.
the judgment of the rear margins on the MPA may not be satisfactory.
quarterly balance sheet of our activity; clarify our market share by region and technology
highest commercial engagement
better remuneration of direct licensing programs (it decreases regularly)
better pay these partners and to protect as a business provider
The exchanges are highly transparent and oriented business... it loses little time... still missing training for partners, solutions evolve quickly
Breakfast partners on thematic solutions or to meet commercial forces
CRM application
Tips & master's degrees are the strong points of MCS
a system of Protection of the partners, partners are paid on the service and margin... not the AC in contrast to Microsoft implementation of Deal Reg.
good coaching and exchanges both in the follow-up of our exchanges, in the relational commercial with accounts, PAM or before sales managers
DG and trades of customers approach
Relations and partnering are degraded and surely a lack of precision on our positioning, strategy and others. But as a result we have lost in our relationship some things while they were essential to precisely show our capacity and investment (e.g. more P
a folder among a client or we have wear overall supply because the client requested. Very little return on the part of MCS on the advanced project and MCS has often denigrated us in the provision on a complicated contours. It is difficult to work in colla
Our PSE is at our disposal
best consideration on our value added services
Reactivity accompanying training... Very good relationship with our Partner Account Manager!
N/A
Give us more support tool for the management of licenses for our end customers. On VLSC (Co automatic admin), on the management tool O365, on the site of 'Student Advantage' and 'Teacher Advantage' license management...
Great listening and understanding of our specific markets, and helps the rise in expertise of our teams
The enrichment of the offer Azure
Conituner to show us how improving our use of Microsoft products and share their knowledge about their products.
Have more MOOC on the subject Machine Learning
The global technological opening of MS and recent innovations involving widely this evaluation
Not datacenters in France, mainly
That it continues so.
Simplification of the costs of licensing, support, cal...
Allows the continuity of work regardless of the device, limitation of adhesions.
It will be complicated for an interdepartmental market where the Ministry of defence is "principal shareholder". But I count on Microsoft to be in our listening and relay our needs (beyond the actions as we lead up to our level). A 'divide and conqueer' t
A better sync upstream might be useful when account team directly addressing the MCAS business directions
See different comments already made
Excellent taking account of the specificities of the Cegedim account, particularly in the very complex framework of the period (sale of CRM assets). Perfect accompaniment and rehabilitation at the new perimeter of the group.
Mobility
For major impact: none for develop the impact: change nothing to the current relations
The Organization of a "morning" monthly in coordination with the leadership of group purchases to systematize the exchange of information on respectively identified opportunities and to maximize the visibility of the evolutions of the offer.
The necessary access to Microsoft Azure to deploy and use Office 365 is not acceptable
Find a closer trade relationship.
More presence and simplify license agreements. Several months to get a reliable answer on Orchestrator.
Commercial presence. Innovative proposals. More simple licensing mode
More of commercial presence. Presentation of the roadmaps (proactive and not reactive). Apart from technical infrastructure and trade with the Premier Support team it is difficult to get information (Devices,...)
Significant flexibility of the Microsoft teams with regard to our security constraints. A high level of technical expertise.
On prem strategy is taken into account.
Security & model licensing
Strong reluctance to the cloud, in part due to problems of national sovereignty.
Propose simpler contracts, with less technical jargon.
I have a better understanding of the work done by Microsoft in the field of security (which is my area of responsibility) and innovation.
Excellent technology of database for large companies.
Greater consideration of current issues business, addressing the needs
natural evolution since of on-premises
decision security on data flow
generalize the BYOK in the cloud in multi-vendor, to position themselves in agnostic provider of solutions effective cloud, in accordance with European laws.
I think that we need Microsoft products to be much more customizable to adapt to the constraints of the business
More regular points
Guidance on developments products serving the company, visibility on the ability has a term needs.
health check & remediation client & server
strategy product interesting, listening to the market, attempt to innovation
In the R & T field, approach a collaboration rather than service provider type.
Better accompaniment
Nothing to improve for the time being, everything is perfect. Bravo Microsoft!
Be much more responsive in the event of application
Listening to customer needs and an increasing presence
The Group Lacroix packaging is not Microsoft client account manager.  Your inquiry was it intended to prompt me to make you demand to have a MS client account manager? ;)  In any case, this proposal of linking to a Microsoft account manager clearly identi
VMware has a better than Microsoft HyperV cluster management. "Standalone" virtualization servers are identical.
Knows she really needs? Individual productivity (management multi media) marketing tools I am an end user unrelated to MS.
Listen to the client and take into account its context
Make better prices
Improve the functionality of administration of Yammer today too limited
The pricing policy is not sensitive enough to the customer's commitment to increase the use of Microsoft solutions
Not much. My Account Manager is very thorough in his explanations and his innovative proposals. Very nice work like this.
Upgrading my Direct Access will help me hoping that everything will be compatible.
Listen more
By being more present on the ground
Proximity, continuous disclosure
no false promises (on the particular dates)
Historical supplier on virtualization with a robust tool but Microsoft has progressed on the subject
This needs mapping dmv or online interviews.
It's definitely not bad, security is a tricky subject, partly because security at us by France is determined.
Available everywhere, more and more application possibilities.
Microsoft is already our largest software manufacturer, we use Microsoft Dynamics AX, Windows OS, Office (365), SQL, etc. The use of devices, tablets and smartphones now starting slowly, however, prefer lies with Apple and Android (Samsung). There might b
Make an appointment and come over, introduce, immediately any actions and possibilities that there are licensing, software, hardware and dynamics ax. Now only had email.
The brand recognition, image, and standard way of working. There is gladly worked with Apple devices and it works straight forward, that is both positive and negative.
Many strategic choices to be made by our parent company in France. It would help to more pressure from Netherlands in France. That does happen already.
the arrival of the new DG of its 'more open' strategy towards third-party platforms.
skills, openings and relational
Presence products client Timing
Very good accompaniment of our WFP us helping us connect with all stakeholders and Microsoft programs
the marketing budgets to help us reduce the coup de vent: DPJ, Table round, circle users. the King of this type of action is excellent! It is incomprehensible that it cannot be simply help.
More dynamic business approach
Helps the financing of proximity to continue meetings of revolutions strategic Events
More listening to partners and especially in commercial actions towards customers.
Training on new products and new offerings more in advance phase. Joint actions Businnes development more and more upstream.
Have information in advance of phase. More work on upstream commercial actions.
The platform of development-Force.com.
Being more upstream on Business development activities.
stronger alignment and more precise understanding of the contribution of Microsoft in my business
mobility
continue like this, visible improvements over the past year have been undertaken by christophe ducluzeau
RAS
Ads of each Fiscal Year decrease gradually the volume of business that will go through partners vs a model direct. Offers of compensation are not also obvious understand.
It is more reliable
Ease of use, integration with Microsoft, rapid formation, in the Cloud systems.
Simplify licensing contracts, removing multi-year commitments. At the time of the Cloud and on-demand services, it is anachronistic to spend the time to discuss annual multi-year commitment.
To show that it s attached to our needs, Microsoft Corporation could change his very oriented speech "Editor" into speeches of partner innovation and integrator of the business solution.
We feel that the account team performance are limited by the rigid context in which Microsoft makes move: as long as our questions and applications remain within a contractual framework set by Microsoft, account team is efficient and answered our question
offers more hoses.
More than marketing budget
-More than PLV for our agencies - more marketing budgets - more margins on products
More resources in consulting, project management, leader and developer
Team Dynamics building
because Microsoft teams are performing, listening, and mobilized to help us
Very good follow-up.  Easy to sell and performance products.
Marketing
Improved tracking of our partnership through our new PSE, Dominique GAUTIER
Best accompaniment of our PSE Dominique Gautier
Go slower!
Better follow-up
Better organization and better accompaniment
Establishment of intervention more up to date on internal tools
Quality of the support provided by our commercial contact
Innovation, Innovation, Innovation
Co construction of hybrid solutions
Presence and sharing/relay of information with partners best targeting marketing  although sending targeted to the person on the basis of their interest /preoccupation centre
as a services provider that offers cloud, lacks the ability of MS to identify some solutions which are competing from those that may be a relay for this Service Provider, as well as gateways to achieve growth.
The dynamics of its network of partner under the nb of person of AWS france
Better mobilization of resources Microsoft around our Account Team who thus benefit from the best
Locally everything is already done.  In central, more taken into account of regionalisms, specificities CSP in the overall roadmap
Taking account of the opensource more widely in the Cloud field would be a great addition
more insights on your roadmap
customer empathy and the unwavering accountabilite screw a pb of the customer vis
HIP program on going
Win a great common client combining our solutions with Azure (hybrid cloud)
most share the best practice of other partners equivalents (in terms of use cases)
This questionnaire includes far too many questions!
Commercial follow-up is of high quality.
Can be more features available to partners through Digital marketing
MEET THE FINAL CUSTOMER!
Purchase of 300 permits office 2013 by dec. 2014 and 40 agency pro more by April 2015--> no information as to the announcement in July 2015 of marketing of office 2016. This is unacceptable!  06 07 80 98 21 L.Guyon
RESPECTS the customer, advises new, costs.
Recognize his shortcomings and satisfy the customer.
We have followed up with Fiona TAYLOR and we do not want to change map
Microsoft sales teams effectively build our partnership and follow our progress while we challenging!
Being more listening on our specifications and our business constraints
Always continue to be close and its partners and have an accompaniment without fault
It is at the top and must continue a accompany us as she used to do...
Organize more meetings between our sales teams and sales MS teams
Our WFP has helped to improve the image that I had of Microsoft, and drove to the Co-selling. This proximity with the commercial teams MS contributes daily to the improvement of the business and the image that we have of the other.
No, I believe that our mission perfectly filled PAM, it is committed, encourages us, supports us and helps to develop our business, it shines the image of Microsoft within Insight.
better exchanges with the AM
Best crosselling between account teams
better collaboration
good relations with our PAM and sales teams
More info shared with OGDs and visibility on the Focus
Abandonment EA compensation
More communication, better visibility and tracking of business
Due to the extra-ordinary job of our PSEs Ludovic Spannent, Fiona Taylor, Yannis Benchik, Claudine Yuste
Most important compensation for partners
More transparency on internal processes and the internal organisation
remuneration
REMUNERATION
X
REMUNERATION
so Microsoft continues still has us satisfy more
be cheaper
nothing special it remains the same in its way of working with us
the partner is relocated to the center of Microsoft's strategy in order to satisfy the end user
monitoring, responsiveness, mobilization of the various necessary experts (MS France or / and Corp) compared the Cegid problems
Very good relations with our partners who are still in our listening and looking for solutions.
Success of the partnership around Office 365
At very cost term, clarification pricing O365/licences On premise on Config TSE (Obligation to sell licenses OPEN) entirely incomprehensible for our customers.
Is this a Microsoft problem or a Cegid problem, I sometimes find it hard to identify the speaker you choose in Cegid according to subjects
Facilitate the commercial migration to CSP
Sometimes complex "understanding" offers and their potential overlaps. It may be more offer/Mkt commercial
better positioning product, including the cloud Azure; on Windows 10, demand is high so it's a good surprise.
quickly propose the implementation of Azure in our datacenter (Azure Stack.
Strategic change exceptional, rarely seen in a company of this size.
Because I you know better, that contact is good with my main interlocutors that we are close in terms of strategy, particularly in relation to l 'team MS Dynamics
We expect that Microsoft opens more doors of its accounts as we do for ours we Group Cape Town, a big issues with Microsoft and are confident for a joint success
I put 7 everywhere on the responsible party partners, but mostly related to the fact that our contact happened 6 weeks ago and we climb in power together currently. We should be in "cruising speed" at the end of year
These are 2 complementary worlds, Google can seduce the followers of open source, Microsoft remaining a major player in the NB enterprise mode: Google is not partner of Prosody, unlike Microsoft
The TJM are overpriced, and the negotiations are styled.
Competition with Microsoft
Innovation
There are more news along the lines of the hosters. We are most listened.
Windows 10
I now use Surface Pro and the latest version of Windows. It works and it makes the job easier.
Best commercial follow-up
Significant efforts have been made to better understand and take into account our specific needs as a Bank (including safety light barriers and compliance)
Best products, innovation seems to return
To comply with the requirements of the ECB
Should be that there is less security layer a add on Microsoft products
Automatic update to keep the latest version
Strong integration of MS lever solutions effective for a large group to homogenize its application base
Time to market
Non-compliant with regulatory constraints. Implementing complex security
Ergonomics price the risk-sharing in the operational implementation in high-level sponsorship
Better integration with the safety standards of the market (e.g. SAML v2) the possibility of having a cloud which is limited to the geographical area concerned: Cloud US - Cloud European with total waterproofness.
Give further visibility on the evolution of its products (strat techno and commercial)
A perfect match between MS constraints and French regulatory involvement Systematics of the direction of procurement cost transparency
more present in the lives display (poor Microsoft store)
Simplify its contractual corpus. Demonstrate flexibility and commercial adaptability, or inventiveness. Share the risk with the customer.
In specializing more GAM to avoid references to one commercial for the other
Better integration with other software in the marketplace.
Best in innovation and much more present in the lives of the people out of business
I do not know; I am not part of this study.
Regulatory and safety non-adapted constraints
Search always more responsiveness and flexibility in its contract and tariff offers.
Best followed by the provision of its consultants on our projects.
Appoint 1 or more executive sponsor to level Corp.
Include more the direction of purchases
Most take into account perimeter European vs the Patriot Act
A sponsorship of MS at the Executive level should further strengthen the quality of collaboration, both in the "commercial relationship" dimension in the 'road map products' relationship and the "POC" dimension.
Little visibility on the construction of the offers
Miss Mahamdeh highly relevant intervention
Lack of reactivity and low visibility on the construction of the offers
simplicity and unity
no special demand
This is a discussion without end :-) cf working CIGREF group
the cloud is envisaged in two ways  implicitly, through SaaS solutions, and the underlying cloud provider is the responsibility of the first-tier supplier - a private cloud.  We have not at this stage of direct use of a public cloud.
Continue on the momentum: understand the positioning of Microsoft solutions, which are an option (sometimes) and which must be integrated in an environment complex.
The use of networks of partners of proximity helps prevent the build and run of a network of local agencies managed by Ms. In addition, this clearly avoids implementing "small head" Microsoft in the provinces (human nature is thus made). I propose this: d
We have a permanent commercial partner a l listen
find a trade agreement to simplify the management of licences AX
Simplicity of usability developments free of their products and permanent licensing
(1) the difference between the speech of microsoft pre-sales and after-sales on the difference of the licences 'enterprise' and 'functional' for Dynamaics AX cost me and still costs much time to follow this issue and represents a financial risk for our co
always good advice. availability, tracking and answers to various questions
I just change the account manager, so I have not yet the opportunity to answer your questions
Tell me why Microsoft decided to change
The simplicity of the licences. Manage licenses Google costs me a few hours per year. For licensing Microsoft, it is counted in days, and I'm still not in a healthy situation. Microsoft license models generate stress, doubts, criminal and financial risks.
Products tailored to our context and a relationship business and technical quality
The definition of the different levels of licensing Dynamics AX is not clear. In addition, Dynamics AX does not have a listing of users with the security roles that their are attributed. Management of autorisaitons, and therefore permits is, thus, a puzzl
Good follow-up and good reactivity of our interlocutors.
Open Microsoft stores
Tell me that my former sales manager had left the band. I learned because the mailbox no longer existed!
Inability of Microsoft to explain clearly the policy of licensing CRM Dynamics oral announcement of the sales manager that were never followed by written...
strategy cloud less owner, strategy mobility + open, less prescriptive versioning strategy
improve the hybrid cloud, the management of mobile devices
Continue as today... that's enough for me.
In fact I am not sure who is "Director of account". We have experienced a transition between Jeremy Elcabache (who has left Microsoft, I think) and Jessy Zeidan. This transition went very well with inter alia the presence of our other contact: Mr. Stan Ro
The range of tools MS O365 allows us, concretely and operationally, to accompany more closely our current strategy of digitalization of our activity.
A clear strategy in mobility especially on mobile phones
Better support legacy products, avoid the problems of compatibility between Microsoft products (SharePoint - Internet Explorer - InfoPath for example).
Help us to put in place
MS offers licensing programs that meet its needs...
the collaboration was good but it is the quality of State and capacity of the products that was not the RDV (Office365).
offer more robust products (limitation to 10 mega files), more efficient (especially for distant countries), more suitable (modular commercial offer), cheaper (rates Google alignment) and less complex/more universal (some usable features than if it endors
Windows is and remains an OS designed to be operated on a computer keyboard and a mouse, not a tablet. Start of ergonomics and the uses for reverse engineer the OS
-Products and software more ergonomic
On Office365, there is little possible customization of tariff packages except those imposed by MS (E1, E3, etc.).
A new organisation of monitoring of Cegid was set up that best matches our expectations, and is effective.
Simplification of contractual arrangements
Contractual arrangements are too complex, and the changes of a model contract to another are particularly heavy, without value for customers
change of contact person! Since François DELMAS is no longer our interlocutor, the situation has deteriorated really I hope his return to our account management
We found a partner of quality, committed and competent in the person of François Dalton, just withdraw in favour of julie BLIN, contact that we have had, and with which it worked at all. We have tried in vain to defend our position that has never been hea
Change of contact person: since F. Delmas is no longer our interlocutor. the situation has deteriorated. no commercial contact on the part of Microsoft since this change
allow us to retain the interlocutors with whom the work is efficient as Francis Dalton
Make sure to find our interlocutor F. Delmas as a first step
We play
change of our commercial partner
who is our Manager?  When F Dean looked after our account we knew the + that brought us
Let us have a continuity in the relationship with the person dedicated when it is effective, that the confidence and skills established
My Microsoft Image changed in positive following a Contact with an advent sale Microsoft with exceptional expertise, it gives a very professional from Microsoft I recommend Microsoft to 1000% Mehdi Ahmad Frps Tech Consultant Microsoft Global Partner Servi
We have no accompaniment but if we had derniererment a new IC
Stopping to sell direct and accompany us on the ground to promote our skills mutules because if the customer confidence in its local partner there trust in Microsoft solutions.
An input field and stop selling live
Surface Pro, reliability
Collaboration
Improvement of the accompanying price fall
Lower prices of consulting proposal more suited to the needs and means of the client being more flexible in the approach of projects relative to the clients
Too expensive proposals, lack of flexibility
Relationship with the TAM beyond our expectations.
Mobility, simplicity, and new way of work especially in the sharing of document (OneDrive or SharePoint)
Continue the simplification of licensing.
Even if the level is already excellent, communicate on Innovation in Microsoft solutions is absolutely crucial to "fight" the marketing of Google, AWS and other SFDC... force :-)
Redesign of our SharePoint platform with a working with MS. Travail partners on governance and security in Azure, full... Helps the rise on O365...
Shares of comm' Commons in order to educate top management on our technical partnership with MS but also on innovative solutions of MS that could lead to a partnership oriented tools business.
Commodity and Reliability
Closer relationship and commitments
Provide a clear roadmap about some services or features that we have requesting for services like Offic365 and Azure
Approach User centrix is recent with MS teams
Flexibility, capacity
Keep separate engineering trade studies.
The human relationship with the interlocutor MCS (Guillaume AUBERT) and the quality of the final document.
Taking into account incidents and their follow-up. However the price of entry for a small structure is high.
Taking account of the client context in the difficulties of deployments and transparency to generate voltages as OneDrive business topics.
Integration in my computer Windows, agility in the deployment.
Give us more direct access to the teams produced US in an attempt to influence effectively the serious dysfunctions corrections and especially on the RoadMap (for example: having a OneDrive Enterprise that works properly with SharePoint). Do us participat
MAILBOX sizes
DCM
Meeting type "Club office 365" allow better visibility roadmap and issues of the moment.
Best through many exchanges, which facilitate the choices and changes that we do
The flexibility of the solution in the case of growth, which is our present.
Continue to present and propose your services and their improvements.
The level of skills, and responsiveness. In addition they have an implications in our projects allowing us to tarnish the cap that we fixed.
Availability is an asset of the Premier Support team, more ease of Exchange allows in some cases to make proactive and avoid major incidents.
The product roadmap for the O365 suite is great, but there are some open items. These include MAC compatibility, improved integration of SharePoint / Yammer / PowerBi., 
This is a question which is a bit poorly timed - we are in the midst of an EA negotiation and we are a bit apart on price / transaction composition, so we need to set that aside. I would like to comment the account team for their willingness to engage wit
Functional coverage, complementarity with the suite office, integration with AD internal
always the licencing to simplify. Follow-up to requests for services or information
Readability of the licencing.
Expedite licensing problems
I find the notion of responsible TAM interesting as it allows a single point of entry. Positive return on CRM Dynamics problems
Access via the cloud, integration of products between them.
Systematic meetings with Kedge BS every 6 months for example.
-Marketing of its products based on the communitarianism - Reputation of stability of products
Online and all other services like Skype for business, OneDrive, OneNote
Accompaniment project
-Ease of use - Collaboration (yammer, groups, Skype for business) => improves communication between people - saving documents in the cloud - accessibility (everywhere and on any type of device)
Suite software professional fashion cloud
Integration, collaborative sites...
More accompaniment on Azure (advice on the choice of machines...) and on the putting in place of a local AD synchronization / Office 365
The acceleration of the disk access AZURE.
O365 was not competitive at the time where our choice fell on Google
+ reactivity of the bracket (on ITAcademy)
Establish scenarios presentation by type of application - e.g. CRM with complete usage scenario; VPN with use on Nokia; evaluation on surface questionnaire...
the lack of responsiveness and understanding of the original problem.
Reactivity for solving availability for technical/strategic solutions
Technical Webinars over
Easy management, simplicity
Present the news likely to come more in advanced phase...
Product quality hard - soft and competence of the opening services to contexts trades opening to the mix of solutions research on premise - hybrid - cloud Commercial Relations
Providing services provisioning price
negative point several programs of the same name that involves confusion
Real technological and strategic partnership
Virtualization applications layer abstraction cloud
Foster an exchange network between customers of the same sphere for the purposes of capitalization of skills and experiences: academic Yammer (decision-makers engineers users) accompany internal teams on offers cloud in the same way that the offers on pre
Strategy you commercial relationship
Be french
Respond State by proposing a location of data in france and constraints in responding to our demanes on connection office 360. By aill5eurd the "patriot act" is a major issue
For reasons of security
For safety aspects account team lacks the right tools to respond to our constraints. D or my score of 5 on the subject. But this is not the team that is involved
Not to communicate only on the added value of MS products, but also know warn us on limitation and specifics before passing production.
Reactivity
Large investments
Follow-up at the regional level
Offers more complete Hybris
closest partner, more committed
More physical presence on the ground with partners
Communication, innovations
Mobility
more regular monitoring
Microsoft salespeople in the field are too solitary and do not exchange with partners
I think it would take much more training
by being more present with its partners and especially by trusting
strengthen the partnership with its distributors
by fully engaging distributors in customer discussions
more Exchange with the microsoftees
implementation of POC at customer
We benefit from the support of a new highly effective PES which allows us to implement a much more constructive than in the past cooperation.
Good monitoring of the partnership with our company
work on the bases of our added value and strive to support our developments on his strategic actions.
Ludovic to delivered quality at all levels in our relationship
c.h.i.p.s., improvement of the co-selling
increase the severity of its software programs to non-compliant clients
expand its role in the management of client CSP2T, broadening our base program on EPG
Better communication, commitment
Improvement of some tools, presentations. Everything is not yet perfect, particularly during exchanges with the media teams, but there are the better.
Excellent partnership relationship in mode "co-selling" since the arrival of our new PSE. Listening and availability. Win/win approach.
Ludovic Spannent and Zoe Krompholz do a very satisfactory job and help us to continuously improve the collaboration and cross-selling of our solutions.
More videos technique/demo and less marketing. Guides in the language of the client updated.
-Modernization of the tool explores and MOET - Update on certain points of the MPA (migration of select accounts purchasing more since explores etc.)
None
visit us at the Montpellier site more often
Plans and actions are in place for a little over a year (arrival in society) are on the rise and bear their fruit. Very good support from our PSE on it.
Maintain its availability and effectiveness in our coasts. Us open even more doors at Microsoft. Continue to get to know us to help us grow our business with Microsoft.
the work done is truly remarkable, no comments for improvement.
Monitoring of the consumption on the platforms. Azure is a good product but the overage system is a puzzle and risk harm to Microsoft
an excellent commercial approach at the level of business interlocutors and high-level management
None
Partnership stronger, better co-selling, constructive exchanges
OPTIMIZATION OF TOOL PSX
Propose a more flexible licensing model allowing to subscribe to services that we really need.
-Disappearance of the versioning: loss of control of the impacts of developments - Cloud / data - economic to validate model confidentiality
Redesign of the model of Licensing / subscription.
Being more flexible on licensing. Stop the policy of "bundles"
Better ensure relevance (including economic) and the maturity of solutions before offer us them.
the richness of the offer availability on several type of devices
a suitable and flexible tariff offer for major accounts.
The Organization of an EBC in Redmond allowed us to better understand the vision and the stratgeie from Microsoft, while having more specific discussions on technical issues.
Great technical expertise and ability to deal with a specific non-trivial problem
Listen more
Adaptation of the pricing of services clouds. Avoid the Russian dolls with the E134 plans
ERP
further listening
High reactivity of our WFP new exciting product launches
More meetings with commercial SMSP and co-marketing.
More common commitment
Software are of quality, even if the price remains sometimes blocking especially with Office 365.
Like every year, a more aggressive pricing policy and a more flexible SPUR (notably on SPLA Office).
Better visibility of the offer.
Most important co-marketing budget.
My overall opinion against Microsoft over the last six months has not changed. I'm still very satisfied.
Despite our efforts, governance established by our company to address our strategic suppliers is not properly considered and used by Microsoft.  For example, I view this survey which was not presented to me by our Sales Manager (what objective s, calendar
Work on reciprocity of the relationship, and occupy the role of partner that we booked him.
Ensure predictability of conditions of pricing on software. Having turnover growth forecast realistic, achievable, and if possible in line with our cost control strategies.
Pricing model
Develop listening take the posture of a partner agree to invest time and energy without waiting for an immediate return on the CA. but developing the relationship in the long term.
We have been informed of the departure from our previous Director of account a few days ago. We have no information on the date of arrival of a successor, and are pending.  The departure of the Director of account then even this survey is addressed ongoin
Listen to before proposing understand trades its customers operate the means made available to governance (monitoring shared provider folder)
the price
be more tuned to the client adapt to its constraints do not impose systematically contracts or licensing models simply because it is Microsoft
Use within the family framework therefore: license 5 users storage Cloud
Information security / availability of the service via internet / (ir) reversibility of the service
The cost for a challenger, the unique sector.
I expect to use the product before deciding
Provide technical expertise more adapted to the context of the CNAV
Provide expertise more adapted to the context of its customers
Their expertise is not always applicable to the context of the CNAV
Availability of the products in all the use cases, regular updates,
I have the sensation of taking account more open customer needs, beyond only Microsoft solutions
Even better anticipate the evolutions of Microsoft solutions and help us prepare ourselves
I transcribed the information passes by my teams. On several questions, the response made by Microsoft appeared them less relevant or less assured. In many cases issues are unanswered too long
The overall quality, including proactive support or problem-solving service is in steady decline.  For proactive support: difficulty to have resources on a period short, sometimes the support consists of a list of url to check links, without analysis vis-
Permanent and constant product, Microsoft teams changes visibly missing information on these developments, so clients also in this situation.
Question of Cloud or not Cloud strategy
Integrate the constraints of the internal organizations
I do not know, perimeters are not really comparable, Microsoft offer is much wider than the VMWARE offering, so it all depends on what you mean.
Microsoft to be less aggressive in imposing its products and participates more upstream in the strategy, but it requires also that side client this is target which is not necessarily the case with us, I think.
I think that's still a costly benefit.
some interlocutor is never reachable
Great partnership, and very good commercial contact
Be more tuned to the partners dating information from end-users.
Do not offer online rates for Cloud solutions also lower.
Inadvertent Licensing rules change that upsets the end customers and resellers. For example, the addition of SA on one product OEM which is no longer allowed. but there are others.
Inform us about the Microsoft Roadmap
Closest partners
Microsoft should improve its Licensing mode with simple and immutable rules
Good products, good follow-up
Pragmatic approach on current affairs. Visionary approach to changes.
Relevance and quality of the contributions of our WFP.  Accompaniment to changes.
Microsoft is the first partner of the company
New products editor that leaves the choice (cloud or licence) compared to others where any cloud over proximity
None for the moment, as I wrote on the front page Microsoft to changed:-technos - proximity with its larger customers (gd public-&gt; company) - works image (less white collar, resembles Apple) tomorrow to share the range of Microsoft products will become
Even more close with partners
Notify its partners of price increases... 1 August 2015 for example + 15% on subscriptions Azure / O365 / EMS /... How to explain this variation to a customer who has had an offer in July and that has posted it in August?
She's already great :)
Presence and the partners MS Dynamics
RAS at the top and available 24/24
more innovation, more creativity, more openness
There improve intrinsic quality of these products in the field of security and this since the first versions
Easy access to updates. Coupling with on-line storage solution (private cloud / hybrid)
Still the same point: still facilitate the principle of licensing
Continue and maintain the good level of relations
Commercial efforts
Ease of use, price, storage
Products evolve at high, and it me please
DK
DK
Salesforce.com was born in the cloud and still has a bit of ahead of Microsoft on this topic
Product best. More in the era of the time
My contacts are available and find me solutions quickly.
Continue to be available to me.
Better support (and faster) multi-platform (Mac OS X, iOS, Android) including on management type Intune/SCCM, best offer who or Intune/SCCM.
The remarks made in April on "user experience" (interview by M. Sasha Frljanic) have been taken into account.  The communication level meets my need.  May be missing an account manager MS for our organization that would coordinate the action of the curren
More attractive prizes
I am very dissatisfied compared to Microsoft support. There is a lack of communication about the origins of our problems especially on the CRM product. We work in collaboration with partners and we can not afford to waste their time
Improve its support and reporting of incidents
Virtualization
Technical support more accessible Microsoft, quick to help in the case of pb Line Hot
Best technical support in french
Microsoft on Office 365 support is not always at the height and it is often necessary to go through a paid provider. I believe that to the price of the subscription, support could be more performant.
your licensing especially on the server side systems are not stable. they are changing and often incomprehensible.  Furthermore you offer no centralized follow-up. This "help" your customers be wrong, commit omissions and often not to be in conformity. Th
TAM excellent responsive and competent Support
Quality of project's steering, stakeholders, quality of service and support skills, and as a bonus an excellent relationship of all stakeholders.
concrete uses orientation and accompaniment to change
Focus on the specific needs of industrial enterprises: for example expensive production facilities have a much longer life than the operating systems, and this poses many problems. Windows XP is far from being obsolete for this kind of use!
create an entity special of "finishing" with former DSI of SMEs to finally provide the end of the story to the end customers but also to SSII. Neither one nor the other can invest to control all products and all the new features coming out continuously la
relocating to France!
The licensing program is incomprehensible! It is mandatory to use external resources to understand the operation of the licence.
Taking account of the uses and the user experience.
The annual objectives of the leaders are not the same as those of our customers. Today, it has more interlocutors on technologies on premises expected by our customers the objectives on the cloud requires MS.
Offer us surface :)... Nothing special, our account manager is very good.
It is less expensive. The overall availability rate of AWS is greater than Azure.
The recommended solutions meet the expectations of the users. Daily use is more than enough in my personal and professional expectations
future of parteriat MS / HP? I wonder about the lack of motivation of MS on the cloud private or Hybrid with HP Server and Consulting.
partnership more lisisble
reduction of the common projects related to divergent strategies of our enterprises
very good commercial relations Alliance Manager very motivated and very dynamic
continue on this road
/
Improvement of the relationship. Construction of real business initiatives or the value of HP is taken into account. I am relying heavily on the success of W10 and EMS initiatives to strengthen and develop a new common approach. I also hope that this woul
better commercial relationship Partner manager very involved and available change of strategy
The partnership between Microsoft and HP in France has improved by the action of the people in charge of the partnership and specifically Philippe De Batz
I love that the perception of HP at Microsoft France and of what we do together in the world is understood and declined in France to offer our customers our added values and thus develop a profitable joint business.
DK
DK
Very good work done so far, in synchronizing accounts and especially in the implementation of HP on new initiatives. It is now that we got to populate this course of common and new successes.
DK
She was always good
even more dialogue and meeting with wholesalers to really form individuals qualified in the cloud market. The market is constantly in motion it is necessary that knowledge is also
very good partnership
Ecosystem approach more strong and better understanding of our needs
Service satisfactory, followed by ok, very satisfying companion projects
Signing an excessive number of CSP third 1 in France which impacted our business Cloud with Microsoft
better readability
We are extremely pleased with the quality of work of our OAM!
More influence with end users about the need to convert their business to the Clud. IN other words assume the power to influence inherent in Microsoft moving 100% cloud and thus avoid the overlaps.
A clear channel strategy on the CSP
Easier to read and operate Dashboard
By simplifying the incentives of the partner programs
The security and the confidentiality of the data in the Microsoft cloud. A lack of reporting for companies, and the changes made by Microsoft without really clearly inform our company
Do not change account in the middle of the watch team.
Make a transition from the current folders. Do not change the team at the same time. The new Director of account gives contrary to those received answers previously.
Technical support
Product reliability
A best overall margin level (on products on premise + cloud)
Many dysfunctions (MPN, action Pack, publication of our application in the impossible since store + 1 month, erroneous dashbooards,...)  Urgent respond.
successful its transformation and quickly!
greater transparency vis a vis ecosystem of partners
communication and Marketing vis a vis customers and Prospects
More interaction with the Dynamics teams including. Best understanding of Microsoft by participating in events culture (WPC, re-entry partner, training etc.), better knowledge of the teams
Good dynamics on start-up/relaunch of the partnership. Continue and accelerate to develop common successes.
Ship Gfi on some structuring issues on activities under development to help us put the foot in the Stirrup
Make it more readable to the licensing of tenders
FY 16 team MBS France has recognized our expertise on Dynamics CRM which leads to be followed live by a PST + PES. that means more trade, more anticipation, more responsive, more availability of our interlocutors. We are committed to do more marketing and
I have more contact with them. I more easily identify my correspondents
The simplification of the licensing model, the limitation of the number of applications extranet for partners
Put more value partners who have chosen to distribute or sell only from MICROSOFT
Continue to work in close collaboration, trust and on time!
A positioning on projects where we can further be
a better understanding of the pre-sales support and delivery expectations of IBM
More Exchange Partner Day
Offer an integration of the MCS teams in the more flexible partner teams send more pipe (quality) when we point out that we have the bandwidth
a better qualification upstream opportunities driven by MS
To be more comprehensible and transparent on the cost of licenses, delays in obtaining are very long
marketing + show + commercial
NOPP Cardif & pitcher
Robust solution and Cloud allowing us to take advantage of the technological innovations MS faster
Improve the quality of these products. We have too many "BUGS" on Office 365 (ex: ODFB...).  Of more the Yammer roadmap / SharePoint is unreadable what does not facilitate decision-making on the choices that we make
Being better informed of the developments of Microsoft solutions. Too often the Corporate acts on a mode "box black" and local teams discover changes / adaptations at the same time that we
We have a local contact person speaking French, making a good relay with world support. Delays resolution of our problems are related to the local but the Central teams MS
Improvement of the quality of products online. Quality Windows 10 and new versions of Office.
Office ProPlus 365, including OneDrive and universal Office applications. integration into the enterprise environment. Possibility of mode hybrid.
Improvement of the system's deployment of updates. (continuous integration without impacting production) acceleration of developments on the Intune part.
Ms remains MS
more autonomy, less administrative Corp.
customer presence
best technical partners
Microsoft partners that I get are always competent overall, responses or Avenue of research proposed are still relevant.
Certification sessions offered
no ideas
We are quite satisfied with what we bring our account manager we are faced with the fact that despite our certifications, status of CSP, gold and silver by our partnership, no lead is sent to us (we must have in addition to the Pseller). Also AM always se
Reactivity appreciated PES
Reactivity, listen
Good involvement and monitoring of quality of our interlocutors
Relay ground to treat important projects
More important commercial field presence
Excellent work and monitoring of our Fox commercial Dalton
My Account Manager performs a regular follow-up and helps me to win business.
Microsoft is less and less to listen to its partners. Relations are deteriorating more and more since recent years. It is time that Microsoft refocuses its Business Plan on its partners.
Being to listen to its partners.
Because François Dalmas is the best of all stakeholders that we had up there.
Very good relationship with my François DALMAZ interlocutor as well as specialist Microsoft at AZLAN (Schwarz). VERY GOOD REACTIVITY
Microsoft is an actor that it is difficult to circumvent. However, I do not agree to its too-oriented overall strategy Cloud forced March and unrelated to the real needs of the majority of SMEs. In addition, you are too far away from your network (more to
Listen returns "lands", intermediate-sized businesses needs, do not hold a too simplistic discourse on the Cloud.
Develop a stronger strategy around the Cloud hybrid approaches
My Account Manager is not at issue, it is "better" in a context that imposed and on which he can not have actual rights-of-way
Enhanced field presence
IBM / Lenovo: interlocutors present land and which do not change every year... A partner program more flexible and better adapted to the needs of the business.
best commercial follow-up
Change of WFP
be with us and assist us as a partner
Partnership approach
Because we have someone François Dalmaz which is to listen to its partners and always in action!
Everything is fine
Very good follow-up to the partnership. Beautiful technological advances.
API and more features around the "scale" architectures
from our point of view, make available on premise azure tools and data processing tools () would allow us to meet our expectations.
Quality of the account team, who showed a concern to understand our issues and our constraints
The confidentiality of data, connectivity and control of the SLA
-The involvement of his manager during the transition - the involvement of the second member of the account team during the transition  clearly open and listening to the new account manager
Especially for the confidentiality of the data
meet and work with security officers
Poor knowledge and safety-related aspects
Strong support in the context of acquisition of company.
Roadmap late versus AWS
Meeting managerial non-negotiating context
Taking account of the real needs of the company
Taking strong account of multiple integration solutions and concept OS independent
cloud solution: security
commercial and customer contact
More than the location of the data lexibilite Azure a better integration of the first/MCS for customer benefit
More tracking...
see previous message...
A minimum one or 2 visits "field" per year..., budget communication (as I've known it... a few years ago). campaign detection of leads for sales, training on our premises for technical and sales teams.
excellent follow-up trade talented Mr. Jean-Sébastien BRUGALAT
The salesperson for DATAVENIR has changed
We have a new talented Adviser M. BRUGALAT
increase retailer margins
Hopefully it is top
We are very satisfied.
on native line
contact reactive and present
good reactivity of the commercial
Solve my problem of license purchases
find solutions when we need to extend our licenses and not tell us that it is impossible
Office 365 is, except error on my part, a "Cloud" type product. Our agency can use this type of product for strict reasons of confidentiality. Office 2013 or 2016 remains our choice in the matter for these reasons.
A responsive and especially more "customizable" service business of average size (SMEs - 1000 employees), both at the level of the proposed rates, as the level of service delivery.
Already answered: Andra is bound by strict obligations of confidentiality of its data (confidential-defence)
-contract negotiation for the renewal of the license agreements, performed in a hurry despite many reminders - category "D Government" loss yet in force at the time of the precedetn contat, while CNES is a public etablissament
listen to our needs...
not to unilaterally break the roadmaps on products such as forefront
maîtirse security
independence European required for safety reasons
Clarify, simplify and make it readable to the licensing of the products policy (applies to Microsoft and not account team)
trust in the cloud
more proximity
be more tuned
come and see us more often
stop saying that they are the best
stop we offer without the cloud stops!
not confidence in cloud solutions for protect our data
listen, propose solutions integrating our needs, our background, our constraints
listen, stop hiding behind the 'Corp' and be a partner rather than lambda provider without value added
PB safety and regulatory constraints
a better listen-license agreements more in line with the context, the need, use...
How can you dare ask this question from Microsoft! "Offers of flexible licensing options that meet the needs of my organization"
more innovative, more intuitive, more ergonomic
safety problem and regulatory constraints
stop behaving like a company seeking that profit seeking to understand the business and have a pricing policy adapted and logical (and non-binary around the office) having a tariff policy understandable and less complex be listening to the customer
Completely oriented cloud, integrators are helpless, small companies have more than the choice of Office 365 and Azure
Thanks to the contacts and followed by the sales engineer
Output and windows test 10 and POC O365 in progress
Too complex license and with increases in non-interest-based policy
Of new products as well as a new organization dedicated
Improvement of products
Better presence of regional representatives
best listening to client application
Better accessibility, better from the professional end-user
Relationship with the commercial support on complex topics
My experience d office 365 makes feel me finally satisfied d use a microsoft product
example your app think beast, not at all practical, another example the pele mixes is incomprehensible
Very satisfied with the SURFACE and ONE NOTE that changed my way of working!
collaborative solutions more mature and solid, screw a screw competition (including Google) which was far better positioned (ergonomics, uses,...).
Products are gaining stability; The PowerShell is precious.
Your Windows 10 strategy and cloud
Clearer strategy.
Evolution of services offered
Out latest products (Win 10, office 2013,...)
Asks its clients to provide proof of licensing while they are all on the MVLS site. Between in addition to the customer is considered as alleged fraudster. Microsoft should not forget who is the customer and the supplier. And in France it is not default p
reactivity
Service cloud, rapid pace of evolution, improvement and especially support cross-platform especially Mac OS X (cf Office 2016), iOS and Android
service catalogue expanded + client, less owner, innovation-oriented
Better accompaniment of our concerns
The arrival of Windows 10 has allowed me to better serve my clients with a bone carved out for businesses, which was difficult with Windows 8.1. Offer Office 365 is also well accepted.
Innovative, stable and intuitive products (Windows 10)
Offers Cloud versus on-premises blurred. Licencing inncomprehensible. Costs sometimes redibitoires
Satya Nadella
5 migration Windows 7 / 8.1 to Windows 10-> 5 problems including two unusable machines several days (more than Start menu, more network resources,...)
Improvement of the quality of the products
Office 365: poor performance of sharepoint online, scouring company onedrive synchronization problems
The uncertainty that prevailed on the Dynamics CRM licensing policy
Windows 10 has the air of good work...  Hopefully so solve some problems encountered in Windows 7 drivers
-Taking account of mobility and related products - tariff policy more suited (to a certain extent without for as much satisfactory)
Quality of the offer Office365, quality of Windows 10
Office 365 / Surface
3 bugs SharePoint submitted to the team produced but not taken into account.
more openness to the opensource
I find that the general trend is to improve the Microsoft products and services.
Opening via azur to other techie... Investments around CRM Windows 10
Release of Windows 10 with a really usable with the mouse interface.
During Exchange with products leaders, I note a significant change: taking into account our opinions in the development of product.
perpetual questioning
The system Windows 10 represents a real breakthrough.
A better match to the market
Windows 10 & Office 365 are evolving. The tools improve, catch up and double competition (apple & google), Microsoft innovates and is no longer a follower like that was the case in recent years.
The arrival of Windows 10 is a good compromise between the OS all Tablet and Windows 7
Windows 10 is a success. Developments in the strategy of the company since the change of direction are also noted as a whole.
Better communication quality of products and services providers of quality
Purchase of cal users a project of Lync, it is much too expensive.
More recent software solutions-integrated safety. Best performance at the level of Cloud services
Support of the interlocutor for good quality Commercial
Windows 10 and Office 365: good job!
Error in billing.
Much more technical TAM
Microsoft to organized an interview of its users in the month of April. The interviews were conducted by Mr. Sasha Frljanic. On this occasion, I reassembled several point of dissatisfaction vis a vis approach MS to a portion of its customers (customers ou
project experience successful using Microsoft technologies and a strong Microsoft background on these projects
We now have a name and a person to engage in dialogue and Exchange on Microsoft solutions. Microsoft now is no longer seen here as only the designer of the Office pack.
The problems of licensing for Microsoft dynamics AX: the distribution of licences Enterprise/functionnal corresponds quite to what Microsoft told me in pre-sales
More stable versions
Better tracking of products. Therefore, the bugs are corrected rather quickly
An opening towards the intelligent outdoor world, respect for life private (vs Apple and Google), a universe unified (W10), cloud services online particularly complete pros (O365)... positioning more pro for businesses, Lumia and surface really innovative
More close to the final customer, quality of products, sales teams support, innovations responding to new needs.
-Arrival of windows 10 - windows phone - office.com
Improvements all points
More stable OS. More open for sharing applications
Better stability of the systems.
Return of the button "start!
(And then change) unavailability of project leader between July and September on the deployment of Skype for Business
The collaborative work, new device aspect, and open-mindedness of Microsoft is a high value.
Trust
Developments in the range of software products and the range of devices. Quality of customer contacts (TAM, PFE,...)
Windows 10 is a successful and highly successful product. Azure offers a wealth of remarkable functions
Since l ' installation of Windows 7 and office 2013, we have better general use of our employees with our applications.
Return on innovative approaches + Coherence of the strategy
Product quality and relevance of the proposed solutions
good quality and innovation in office365
Much of change positive in recent months
Arrival of Windows 10
The new proposed products are very engaging but caution to not take out them too quickly before they are fully ready
The new Windows next 10 solve many of the problems that we all live in the world of mobility today
Most contact with Team Dynamics
Better monitoring of its smaller partners with pre-sales and after sales force strengthened to the near them.
Microsoft aligns focus increasingly on large partner. Smaller partners and thus the middle class get increasingly behind this.
NULL
I am not dissatisfied, I said that my level of satisfaction remains unchanged...
Simplification of access to the resource online.  Ease of access to the media. More training available and resource available in French. One has the impression that everything is complicated with Microsoft. Short to simplify things up
The support is rather not bad, but your websites are completely to review. We get lost completely, too much kills info info. Some links are 100 years old! Others are cut... in short it is a catastrophe. It's been years that I pay VAT while I well provided a valid VAT Intracommunautaire number. The Bill mentions not subject to VAT, but I pay qd even VAT. It is shameful to be taken hostage in this way.
Simplifying processes (support and commercial) Evolution of the products ease of implementation
Your tendency to move towards the Apple model... everything is more complicated while Microsoft would have the ease the lives of thousands of small retailer...  Surface Pro not found in resellers... Activation of the offices... Beautiful ideas on paper but really a useless trick support generator... Disappearance of key products on PCs... forced to go through the manufacturer for a simple reinstall Windows? To stick in the wheels for your partners!
Your change in Silverlight development lead us to cancel several projects. Microsoft proposes no way for Silverlight developers to easily move to HTML5/JS. Worse: Edge doesn't even support Silverlight!
The presentation of the Microsoft partner in French especially account. update the information in fields of competence (such as the disappearance of the SME program which remains accessible on the site). The possibility for the partner to associate and to edit from his account, the certifications of its employees on the program. The skills update require to contact Microsoft technical support.
As a partner and as a user of Microsoft proposals are still relevant and useful. However as a partner, tools made available as passages of competence and media are difficult to obtain.
Better quality of course materials and virtual images: customers hold us responsible for the problems and it plays on the image of Microsoft and our. It should stop having different tp for each module of a same course, best would be a global tp on a same VM, it would gain in time and understanding.
Best discounts on the purchase of licenses for my clients.
Reliability (QA) of updates on Windows Server products / System Center management improvement of multiple identities (AzureAD, Microsoft account, business account - MsPartner, CSP, COSN, SPLA...) Simplification of licensing (universal creation of a platform support authoritative for answering questions on the licensing...)
Licensing more straightforward and more custom mode (I think SQL Server) more attractive prices (SQL server overpriced for "small" projects facilitating access to technical support (communicate us a unique number, an identifier M$ and an email only for example) simplify navigation on websites M$ (not easy I admit) because too much information kills the information.) Very quickly, we get lost between public site, MPN, MSDN.
simplification of access to the license O365 (provisioning new subscription/deleting subscriptions, without an order from the Distributor online).
Does not only deal with its partners at the time to renew the contracts
Being much more responsive with regard to their partner accompaniment. The services offered in the Action Pack are good, the support also but it is very difficult to link a commercial relationship, partner, with Microsoft.
Loss, for GOLD partners that we are a dedicated contact. Phone calls are possible from support directly, however the knowledge that could have a dedicated contact who has demonstrated initialives in his custom advice remains difficult a replace.
No pus have privileged support because it has no jurisdiction Cloud.
This shift to a multi device OS to be operational quickly, and especially that Microsoft facilitates the developments with tools other than its own (which had not been the case with Windows RT)
For the recognition of the value of the program. To support proposed when our activity is in line with Microsoft's strategy
The partners are increasingly put away from the distribution of certain products (Surface, Lumia, etc..)  and the earnings on the distributed products is more and more reduced. And it is excruciating to have to pay for the use of the software internally (5 licenses Office 365?)
Cloud orientation at the expense of the On Premise solutions. New features not deferred to On Premise. Poor compatibility between On Premise and On Cloud.
Better interaction between Cloud and On Premise. Better Interaction between Microsoft and solutions Google stop the deletion of enterprise for the benefit of features Gadget and unnecessary features in its Office Solutions.
more marketing support / $.
Products, support
NULL
Better support of the supported product new VB.NET language equivalent to TMG/ISA Server development, adopting Windows Mobile
VB.NET support is less rependu. More examples. It is a shame.
Simply take into account my comments seriously (example, my worries of VAT)!
Improve your hotline by making it more accessible to reassure your customers.
Help companies to maintain their investment in the products Microsoft 5 the livers had software and hardware. Improve your hotline in priority by making it more accessible via the website and by phone.
The partnership is very heavy and very complex. Web sites are incomprehensible and too many frequent archi bugs. Always call an advisor to get by, and calls last on average 45 minutes between the waiting time, time to be understood by the Advisor and the time to solve the problem.
good support
Product policy is fairly consistent and marketing materials and techniques of good qualities
The 0800902791 call and response not suitable, huge time waster, "security procedure" unbearable and inconsiderate zeal of the person in front to verify my identity when I meant to just an aid and information on the operation of 365! management too heavy of 365
responsive
accessible accessible engineer capable of responding less sufficient tone has real issues of the real world and even able to remember after hanging up the phone to not piss.
have a real advises with a contact who would be reachable for real like in the real world
Better to list the support options or new and future versions of products.
Release of windows 10: loss of access to a remote NAS hosted by windows server 2012 R2 the only bone that does not connect is services10, even OSX gets there. No support available, significant productivity loss, tablets unusable surface...
There's better communication.
The Council and the follow-up of the customer records of its partners with its partners. There are more present during the pre-sales and after sales phases.
Microsoft aligns focus increasingly on large partner. Smaller partners and thus the middle class get increasingly behind this.
Better support smaller partners.
Less parallel channels, such as E.g. affiliate sites. More direct contact to contact.
Microsft Dynamics team support and Exchange work Erik.
Microsoft has finally made the turn expected for 15 years: an identical OS for all platforms. The Pocket PC were precursors to their time and Microsoft has failed to take the train from this type of product and has been rolling by Apple and Android, we had much relied on Microsoft and so have enormously been disappointed at the point of launch Idowu 4 years of developments under Android. You should change the Presidency several years ago...
involve partners in its search in the technological evolution, it is not consistent that you are made aware of the new features at the same time as the public. You really feel aloof, as if we were only pawns...
Unify products as for example using SQL Server for Outlook, it is absurd to see microsoft products using a database of different owner of the SQL database that it promotes. More cela would avoid the technical problems encountered in the field.
It is currently an incomprehensible magma
Consumer communications.
Fits my needs
Good thoughts and solutions integrated with business management tools
Contact me for help on OneDriveEntreprise which is disappointing and created worries in my 70 company bcp posts and with my clients who want to return to DropBox. less simple errors etc...
simplify references
more simple ua level of the drive, no errors as with One Drive forms PCO management most easiest
The help of technical support
Cisco technology is a better provider than Microsoft
Best discounts on license prices...
because you skew the responses by forcing very satisfied him, in fact I had never seen the lack of choice satisfied. Therefore we are very satisfied with either we are dissatisfied... what smoky shortcuts!
stop selling live more innovate fare distributors of too high internal versions rates W Server 2012 and CAL indecent.
Productive and efficient collaboration
Of POS for the salon. Unable to properly promote your products at event or fair.
Amenities are good, the cloud part and the sequel to office 365 service are positioned correctly. Flat on the way in which is marketed the Surface and flat on the price of licensing classic servers (non-cloud)
Microsoft is making progress on many fields its last years even with the introduction of a new licensing mode and openness to other systems (iOS, Android,...)
By clearly displaying its tariffs and direct selling
they have more recoil on strive them to virtualization
Prices of the Cloud
Quick and easy access. Training and resource available in French. Most Tech courses are in English.
More open and less hegemonic position to the satisfaction of the user.
Microsoft with the Microsoft Action Pack program brings me an important aid to the integration of our products in the Microsoft environment.
Continue to move forward.
without comment
Have the competent to come to our meeting to learn more about land sales solutions, products and rates to develop our respective activities.
A business contact to better understand certain solutions and rates to offer it to our customers.
1 single contact dedicated that can refer to specialists.
My overall understanding of Microsoft has not changed. I know that the editor is essential for my activity.
I think that the strategy is theoretically clear. Our relationship depends on the Microsoft partners that promote, in general, the companies they know. When a client says about us, if the Microsoft partner does not know us, it imposes its relations. Microsoft sales must admit that there are skills outside their usual circle.
Virtualization
The partner portal is complete enough for our needs
Solution a Desktop As a Service designated for the TPME segment
In providing the partner a single interlocutor
It is has to the best, at the level of products and the opening, and least well, at the level of confidentiality and respect for data private data that the OS send to Microsoft.
(1) more great respect of private data 2) improvement of MsPartner website which is very very slow, messy and ergonomics
closer to the needs of my clients and partners
SE partners TPE rapproccher
Win10 + approach vis a vis smaller partners that seem to be put in place
be attentive to the smaller partners
with us to understand our expectations
Since Satya Nadella to 'power' that change... The 10 "free Windows", Windows 10 in the IoT (Raspberry...), Office on iPad, openings on the OpenSource. Change is now at MS :) by contrast side Mobile, there is still work on "image" completely crushed by Google Android and Apple Iphone.
We will wait on 6 October :) conf
Office of advice and AMO as we are not involved in the curriculum for sale, but we recommend solutions in the specifications that we are developing. Compensation for Microsoft solutions contributors that we are missing to my knowledge? (Cloud, On premise,...) There - it a program that allows to declare a lead contributor?
Pricing, some solutions too short product life Cycle, lack of packs on license agreements and offers Cloud solutions.
Best visibility on the partnership program
More regular technical support
Monitoring of the relationship via a single point of contact with appointment scheduled.
I think that the changes at the level of the largest taking into account of the Microsoft account and its implementation in Windows 10 will have a significant impact on the users and their perception of Microsoft.
A human interlocutor
Simplicity dimplementation and use
Best listen to the smaller partners
Stop to increase the tariff on premise
PLAY CLIENTS CLARIFY HIS (INCLUDING TARIFF ON THE CLOUD) EXHALES EASE ITS PROCEDURE TO RESPOND EFFECTIVELY IN THE EVENT OF PROBLEM
(see previous notes)
N/A
The services provided are good.
Implement a public backlog / partners online.
NULL
NULL
A simpler pricing licensing and the possibility of having equipment internal test with interesting fare on new product hardware (Surface Pro, Surface book)
Simplest pricing / web oriented image in the minds of customers
the vision of the CEO is very relevant
Offers more simple one process simplified partnership portal (c4est incredibly complicated to renew a partnership, it takes a lot of patience...)
Very good quality products
Have a more technology-centric and less oriented communication trade.
Less cloud
The top of the virtualization
Adapt to the SME/VSE
better adapt to the needs of the SME/VSE
The image is newer, more modern, focused only on new technologies
Bad experiences. Lack of reliability, very limited commitment of support
That it does so really! Microsoft clearly disdains the smaller partners.
Really interested in my business
To set up web sites and resources that really work
Tools easy to use, ergonomic, bug-free
Good products
Update Partner Portal: lots of dead links, outdated and confusing documents.
Provide more resources (training, licensing, commercial documents) for partners
Simplify the offerings to partners
The actions and listening and less in the air lyrics
A little more realism SVP
Stop you want to run faster than the music
In my opinion better implemented in the SI
Update Windows 10
Diffusion of all these products from the wholesalers
avoid to force the Windows 10 update on the client workstations. disseminate the tablet surface among them grossîtes TECHDATA, INGRAM, etc.
facilitate access by resellers to end Receivables Management
Uses and non-volume licensing partnership. Open interlocutors, "caregivers"
Being direct microsoft, we have no partner who is in charge of our account. We knew that this commercial was gone since last June. You understand our dissatisfaction but also how the behaviour of Microsoft to its customers. Clients such as Cdiscount, LDL-c, Domisys, rue du commerce... are not treated in the same way.
its duty of partnership
Even more innovation and services
marketing
not to worry
knowledge of / / pgm &amp; stakeholders
accompany partners among customers
DK
Clarification of licensing sales programs
Penetration into the enterprise-level DSI for virtualization solutions
Improvement in the partnership.
MSDN, Microsoft.com, partners.microsoft.com, MVLS, CSAT... By simplifying your platform which is a complicated a find!
Trade policy Surface Pro
Less ambiguity in relations
As a Silver partner, the business relationship with Microsofot is under treated with a change of contact person very often, when it is known... It should be a true commercial relationship.
Reactivity
Browser
Open crm online partners
innovative proposals
I'm pretty disappointed by some of your software. Windows 10 we currently deploy OneDrive... and I admit to having trouble to advise this type of product because they are perfectible and directly affect the way of working of the final user. I think that Microsoft does not take enough time to test and Polish up its products. It's a shame. According to what is the relationship trade and training, support... I am very satisfied.
Perform more tests on these products before placing them online, propose to the DSI or the intermediate versions (independent patches) IT managers to correct the unpleasant bugs faster, take into account the customer returns a way more individualized and advantage communicate on updates of these Cloud products. Propose a mini presentation of so that IT teams can communicate faster on updates.
Meets my expectations and term products and partnership.
I said unchanged
Pass leads to his young partner Cloud
Pass leads to his young partner Cloud
Pass leads to his young partner Cloud
It helps the growth of its BP
NULL
n/a
Ease of use,  bullet proof techno, wide spread, and above all, the best practice is not to put all your eggs in the same basket 
Reactivity, followed by applications increase
Put forward, these competitors very different privacy policy. (Apple Google) Help customers spend on CLOUD offerings with a partial resumption of their current licence. Discounts on equipment demo (Surface, Lumia...)
In announcing clearly and in advance the rate increase as Office365 (+ 15%), this puts us in overhang to our customers.
continuity of service is good even if it is harder to follow the complexity of the products. Microsoft has a direction that puts it in head-on competition with its own prescribers and resellers for many products
being more a listening to its technicians it's been long that I want to find a contact for my add on automobile and it is very hard to find a contact even when competitors size us of crouppieres.
NULL
NULL
hard to say I love both, it does not compare a gevrey chambertin has a champagne
Good service. Good product. However the management of the partnership and subscriptions is complex due to the site which is bad (no doubt a legacy)
A better management of the Partner Network and the MSDN subscriptions site
simplicity because bc less products, but a space partner and one easier to integrate than partner programm network help (site very complex to pick up microsoft internet)
Because Microsoft's policy has changed and aims to promote that large.
"What does not reserve the distribution of certain products ' says professional" retail or mail-order.
Being more clear in statements of communications
Make more intuitive products
Best tracking.
search engine... Apps android
tell us more: the output of office 2016 is unnoticed attempts stop bathe us with the cloud: is imporatnt certainly, but it looks like that there is more here which is simplify the procedure of activation of W10
Too complicated
Make things simple
Simplify its offer
easier being installed
Help us in different ways
Simpler and cheaper
Relationship sterile partner, with no strategy. Desconsideration of the small partner. No specific program for ISVS. L partner Dynamics n team is not prepared and adepte.du collaborative work, the establishment of a fertile ecosystem, which will encourage medium-sized structures and support develop common business. A lot of progress to be made in comparison with other major publishers...
Name of channel manager able to accompany us in a regular manner and knowledgeable. Having a mentality of collaborative business. Encourage small publishers and partners.
The partner management and knowledge of business applications. Most qualified personal.
Total unorganized. Conflicting messages. Lack of knowledge of the Organization internal microsoft on behalf of interlocutors.
Implement a system of leads by the statistical leaders
Marketing
The General developments are going in the right direction (opening)
Creation of a 'Pro' appstore (oriented server)
Competent and responsive technical support. Wealth of information available. Powerful development environment.
Slowness of Microsoft.com, in particular the site partners sites.
SERIOUSLY
More proximity with its partners, especially at the beginning of trade relations. The partner portal is highly complex with many rebounds and URL redirection. It is slow.
Support of proximity.
IBM provides the service. IBM is less universal seems more oriented mainframe and solutions major accounts.
As partner, very good accompaniment on the part of Microsoft France during integration at the COSN program and the possibility of integrating the C.h.i.p.s. program as a Tier 1 offers prospects of development more in tune with our current activity that the Tier 2 initially proposed.
COSN help
Improvement of the QA on the updates and fixes for infrastructure products (Windows Server, System Center,...).  Simplification of the rules of licensing, and/or put in place of a helpline authoritative on issues related to licensing.
Lack of regular calls with a Microsoft commercial
the partnership program changes very regularly.
Always offers technologically sharp and relevant.
Product reliability and interoperability more marquee and simple
More clear and simple licensing
A platform more agile hypervisor and Inova
Few problems and when there is a quickly solved
Virtual machine
A line like
more humane commercial relationship, with its official commercial, as it can we referred, advise us...
have a dedicated commercial..
Endeavour to put in place a true partnership relationship.  Today, no relationship and contact with Microsoft outside the renewal of membership of the programme partner once a year! Will develop the relationship but inability to do so by lack of contact person identified to help us in this.
identified someone that can be applied on different topics related to the business and the channel
I ask pop and Goodies for animated our Shoowroom but impossible to have contact to renew outdated advertising
Less integration forced between the layers example: office and sharsepoint / eleven drive too related in my opinion wavy too obscure drive when it no longer works. It is not known why else the solutions work mirux: ex oodrive sync I can recommend to my customers to use office 365 + onedrive: galleys to manage then too and not easy to charge time pssse
I feel a real desire to accompany more partners through commercial or organized communication, shared information and a speech displayed to highlight partners. I have also been in contact with MS interlocutors who played well the game for us.
Have someone dedicated to accompany us always
By winning in readability on the offers, MS and partnership contacts and / or competitions with partners
Direct assistance to the final customer even SMEs
Too much multiple choice, simplify all of the choices and solutions
good products in constant evolution, rest all of the Microsoft offer is difficult to understand when one is a small structure and working on different technologies. In summary "fan" of your products, but be closer to your smaller partners and more accessible.
I'll repeat myself, but be closer and more accessible to the 'small' partners products multi (Microsoft) and multi technology.
Be closer to its 'small' partners
Entry point at Microsoft able to centralize our questions and we get, directly or indirectly, any responses or clarifications on the various products in the range.
still expensive compared with other product, the mutlipatforme has yet to evolve, the hot line must be more reactive and more competent
back 15 years... and respect resellers... stop to increase the price of windows when mac cut the prices of its os focus on the benefit in the long term compared to the immediate benefit to question... stop changing interfaces ever to no longer confuse the customers at mac customers are happy to update their os at Microsoft customers are afraid to do so
answer to the question posed without arrogance on the part of the not ingenious engineer and inadequate
by releasing commercial field as any computer companies! with at least 4 visits per year... a hot line product oem (promise 20 years!) reduce the number of products
simple, functional, free and above all accessible...
It is the partner relationship that made me change my Microsoft Outlook.
Good products, good marketing information but lack of solidarity with its partners
Ensure better protection of its partners vis à vis of wild competition. The hard part is to sign an account and not to the renewal with very low margin!
The protection of its partners
The protection of its partners
having closer relations with its partners in 2nd category
commercial partnership
Have a MS partner for the partners of 2nd category
The management of the partner and the business relationship with lead generation and protection of the deals.
More clear MPN Platform More assistance from Microsoft around Microsoft Azure services and licensing A better view on Dynamics NAV features roadmap
best products, more communication for partners
more information, training on products using hosted.
Very satisfied with contacts within Microsoft for the partnership program.  Contratio URLs and links to training, for example, don't work very well. What is a brake.
NULL
Microsoft rose from the over-communication to the sous-communication on the roadmap of exit of the products. They come out without any prior announcement. It went from white to black. Probably should it not not find a balance, but do not push to oversimplify the announcement effect. Last example, the release of exchange server 2016, where even the MVP discover the new product the same day as everyone else!  Thank you Cyril
Microsoft became a competitor on the training part. The ratios to be Gold have been increased without taking into account the size of the french market which lost 15% annually...
It stop diluting the training market by accrediting new partners on this area.
Putting us in relation to its sales teams. Highlighting really the specificity of the Learning partners.
Better follow-up
Support and training.
Sustainability of the platforms virtualized over the years. Ease of upgrade
clear and accessible information
Facilitated methods of calculation when setting up a data center, with for example, the establishment of an 'online' tool: a questionnaire asking the number of type desktop virtual machine, server, etc, and the tool would propose, the best program licence, the power of the necessary host and the amount
So as to assist the partner in the choice of licenses, not always very clear.
Ease of implementation against the solutions datacenter and hyper-V, as well as the operation of costs
Being closer and generous with its partners
Simplify the process and improve the margin on these products and solutions
Make it less complicated and not to exclude certain products marketing partners.
new versions of visual studio
more info than before
information and clearer sites
Finally I am revising my judgement because I found the incongruous question...
avoid the doublespeak of prices between individuals and professionals: an office license should apply the same price regardless of the buyer!
consistent pricing policy
respond to the question without racrocher the phone after a question
Do more Open Source
It was good, it is always good
Windows 10
DK
Access to the old software via the Action pack. (restore more MSDN software subscription) Be able to freely sell Surface (the "wholesale" criteria are too students for our small company)
Innovative cloud products
Communication on an application more...  Have a technical department solely dedicated to partners...
For the establishment of the partnership we had to certify one of our application as being Microsoft Platform Ready made tedious but which, in the end, was completed. Signed partnership we were able to benefit from its advantages and we wanted to go further by referencing our product on the catalogue Pinpoint, until then everything was going quite well. But in recent weeks we have referenced a second product to your catalog (what is done) and then have it certified as being compatible with Windows Server 2012.  Since our first certification the process has changed (you obviously delivered Pinpoint to the centre of your certification) and certification of our application process is more complicated than ever with guides does not correspond to the available on Pinpoint actions (without going into technical details). Also we would like that our partnership will enable us to have one any help on your part in order to conclude this certification.
For the establishment of the partnership we had to certify one of our application as being Microsoft Platform Ready made tedious but which, in the end, was completed. Signed partnership we were able to benefit from its advantages and we wanted to go further by referencing our product on the catalogue Pinpoint, until then everything was going quite well. But in recent weeks we have referenced a second product to your catalog (what is done) and then have it certified as being compatible with Windows Server 2012.  Since our first certification the process has changed (you obviously delivered Pinpoint to the centre of your certification) and certification of our application process is more complicated than ever with guides does not correspond to the available on Pinpoint actions (without going into technical details). Also we would like that our partnership will enable us to have one any help on your part in order to conclude this certification
For the establishment of the partnership we had to certify one of our application as being Microsoft Platform Ready made tedious but which, in the end, was completed. Signed partnership we were able to benefit from its advantages and we wanted to go further by referencing our product on the catalogue Pinpoint, until then everything was going quite well. But in recent weeks we have referenced a second product to your catalog (what is done) and then have it certified as being compatible with Windows Server 2012.  Since our first certification the process has changed (you obviously delivered Pinpoint to the centre of your certification) and certification of our application process is more complicated than ever with guides does not correspond to the available on Pinpoint actions (without going into technical details). Also we would like that our partnership will enable us to have one any help on your part in order to conclude this certification
The partnership with IBM is easier to manage on their partnership despite its ergonomics site sometimes can be improved, it is at least reliable
Simplify the product offering. Today there are far too many versions. Example from the Microsoft site: Office 365 BusinessOffice, 365 Business Essentials, Office 365 Business Premium, Office 365 ProPlus, Office 365, Enterprise E1, Office 365 company E3, Office 365 company E4
Reduction in the number of tenders + simplified installation and management
Simplify the installation of Office, for example install without needing an email address.
Performance
Exit services10, Windows 8 was a mistake
Facilitating the management of Partner licenses (rq: I am not responsible for managing these licenses but according to the person is occupying management is not simple)
I do not have recoil or the experience necessary to consider best Hyperv to VMware
Freer access to the various products in light of development tests. (licenses offered for example)
Simplify the operation of the licensing
Provision of all the Microsoft tools
Review the MS Partner interface
No encountered problem. Everything will pass well, as usual
It would be really appreciated that announcements like the end of Silverlight development are clearly given to developers a long time before it happens.
I think the future of software is in WEB APIs and SalesForce is clearly involved in this design. We're currently investing in MVC Solutions (bases on Microsoft) to bring our solutions to the Web using also Web APIs. This after we loss much money investing in Silverlight. We now have a product we're not even able to promote because everyone know now that Silverlight is dead!
Basically over the last 6 months nothing has really changed, but on a longer timescale (2-3 years), as a Learning partner, we feel less well accompanied
Platform VM hosting or apps Aure I believe that in a sense the stream data is paying, this is a crippling limitation.
Marketing
Because my opinion is unchanged
Some point remains to improved
Simplify the management of the user licenses
The products are all of a good standard. The partnership is important, useful but a bit too anonymous contact with Microsoft partners. Need us a contact preferred, I understand that as long as partner wherever possible, remains to ensure that this be done quickly. I also regret that since 3 or 4 years we have more had access on the part of MS in our premises.
Contact focus
Strong communication about new offers, developments of tenders and license agreements with the advent of the Cloud, sales support and marketing remains sporadic and complex but improves.
Most present commercial accompaniment (but this is improving since a few months).
Nothing in particular, to my knowledge.
Very competent pre-sales team.  More frequent communication
Regular telephone points with our reference from Microsoft.  Promote the efforts of our company in the development of the activity around Microsoft technologies.
Devices Feedback users / partners
new focus OneMicrosoft
Lighten rates Azure
Portability application android multi device mobile
More present
Just good products do...  Review your privacy policies... it is not logical = unchecked 7 boxes to avoid that the installed PC sends tons of information, surely anonymous, but an underlying paranoiat is born on customer...  Think of the TPE and SMEs... and those who troubleshoot their computer! No personal full time need things simple and effective...  Back on the ranges Pro key Windows PC... silly stuff but a simple Windows CD allows you to reinstall the position quickly. Hard disk failures is 70% of "big" PCS failures.  Stop your competition in the largest number of users with Google, Apple and consort account...  Leave Office without the creation of a Microsoft account... Clients have no time to take with ca... Those who want to Cloud it will do so if necessary. Free will is no longer part of your policy and it's sad...
Products without new features. Partnership favouring only the large structures. Short circuit of the dealer.
Listen to its partners
Have a real commercial approach to indirect for the general public, strengthen the partnership on the basis of products, hire me...
Have a business contact dedicated to resellers in one or two major wholesalers.
Products are closer to customer needs
The offered products correspond to our expectations and we have very little (unpleasant) surprises.
No idea of improvement on the moment. Our level of satisfaction is overall good.
Clarify the solutions proposed in terms of specific needs for each client (trade relations are perhaps not enough thoughts for TPE and SMEs)
We believe that Google is more oriented "individual" so that Microsoft is more oriented "business".
Quality of products
Microsoft's strategy goes in the right direction, that we were waiting for a long time!
Has marketing resources more adapted and more accessible for SMEs/t TPE
Give more information on the way in which SMEs and small systems integrators can sell azure.
My assessment is based more on a technical aspect that commercial: Microsoft products are rather robust and reliable but become more heavy and complex in terms of maintenance & deployment.
stability of the products, effective support.
Special offer training and certification for partners...
Physical meeting, Webinar
Still a little heavy but overall offer is complete and stable, our clients are satisfied
nearest supplier relationship, we sell Microsoft products but we do not have access to pre-sales engineers for free?, more pre-sales communication will help to reassure dealers of your solutions...
Equivalent does not mean better...?
Partner too complex, no information on the output products site...
Commercial dedicated OEM, or at least a person that we can contact in case of need, have access to the sale of the Microsoft Surface
support
simplify Web sites
The quality of monitoring and the relationship
Release of Windows 10, opening towards the projects Open Source of TFS (GIT, Eclipse)
The provision of a Cloud European platform: health data hoster (the NSA case has cooled many customers in the medical sector).
By simplifying the licensing server modes and related products.
all goes well
There is a small Reseller
Coaching in monitoring: - technique on products, practices, the roadmap - training
Through targeted, regular contact with specific targets.
Our relationship with Laurent Penisson to improve. We work more and more in mode win-win partnership
reliability of partner sites: pb to renew our amenities
better partnership in my opinion
financial cost of the partnership
Easier contact with interlocutors
We used to sell materials of the type surface!
No commercial relationship with the Publisher, including the accompaniments in pre-sales. Virtually no training offered by the Publisher.
Accompaniment by appointment proposal for training on tools MS
In addition to implementing services licences for use internal and especially test your solutions before reselling them, missing cloud solutions, and we can tracking be Action Pack
provide us a contact dedicated for commercial questions in order to better sell your products and know them better.
a single contact or service for us help promote solutions and licences cloud Azure, crm etc to test products
international openness, innovation, simplification, security of data in the cloud Azure from Microsoft :)
provide CRM partners
No comments
Financially reward me :-)
No idea at the time
Obtaining Gold Partner: benefits important for my business
Chain complete adaptable
I find that Microsoft demonstrated high quality of adaptation. Facing new competitors Microsoft knows do "round back" and find solutions.
Communicate the safety of products if it is good
Good service, advantageous... partnership and high quality soft conditions.
Facilitation of the use of the site's partners.
services have not changed
by physical training
Guided account
Too many new restrictions on users.
The opening to other OS and the new recent products
A simpler license policy.
A basic G R A T U I T Pack action
readability of the licences at the time
Less blah, do simple!
no consideration of partners, Microsoft becomes an Apple 2nd
In 15 years of activity not a real direct contact... If it doesn't to pay... There's that wholesalers to help a bit
a consideration of the medium-sized partners and not only 'major accounts"
human presence in its partners
business strategy best suited to medium-sized or small partners, presence on the ground for us to accompany.
I like what Microsoft and the turn taken with Windows 10 actually for me the best operating system.
Quality and monitoring products
Diversity of solutions
Probably because I was trained to Windows 2012 and Windows 10 leaves me a priori a better impression than Windows 8 for example.
Black point: the price of licences too often difficult to justify facing Linux for example...
less concern to update products (W10 by ex.)
Microsoft is delivering its promises
Keep current momentum in delivering innovative services and solutions
I have no reason to be dissatisfied so far.
I worry more and more articles on privacy, the telemetry service enabled by default. The hostage of bandwidth of users to deploy Windows 10. And everything is still behind our backs.
The offer is very wide today from any Publisher (Microsofot, Google, Vmware, Veeam...) and manufacturer (Intel). It is difficult to have a global vision of each product. Something synthetic to know the role of each product. (and I don't even speak of Visual Studio which has been considerably enriched but at the time, apart from c#, how to choose a project (Lightswitch? WPF? Silverlight?...)
-Training of dealers in webinars every week - have a synthetic document gathering all Microsoft products and a brief description. Even if it means having a global installation diagram showing what product interacts with anything. -Allow a complete interface with a Gmail account from Android to Windows 10 without having to search for contacts and create duplicates.
Some companies offer webinars every week for transfer of jurisdiction on their products to further exploit and sell better.  Whether it's commercial or technical, lack us a weekly venue especially with Windows 10 + Cloud + Office 2016. There is need to change our way of thinking and working. Today I feel not enough informed / assisted to follow this technological shift.
More open. When you have an Android smartphone and we want to use Outlook 2016, it is just not possible to have an average(array) synchronization: a full House at the time of the Cloud.
My opinion has not changed since the MS Partner site is still so poorly done and slow.
MS Partner website should offer the same quality as those of MSDN or Technet: ergonomics, speed, information
Site Partner to improve: - delays - effective alert system: expiration of the partnership, the rules change, etc. - ergonomics. For example: the procedure to register a MSDN on Visual Studio Online user. -bugs: my subscription is stuck several weeks, I could renew it.
Further improve the ease of migration between major versions of the products. Especially when there is a technological leap. Example: Exchange 2003 => 2013 or CRM 2011 => CRM 2015.  Allow more time to the partners and clients between versions of the products. The life cycle of products is too fast and does not allow us to follow.  Facilitate interoperability with other products, including open-source. Open still more Dynamics CRM or Exchange using standard APIs.
The licensing remains too complex.
In my opinion, an excellent overall reorientation (windows 10, unification, mobility)
It is ongoing: the mobile redirection through windows 10
Commercial follow-up and non-existent marketing, Oleap is nevertheless Certified Gold Ms Data Analytics / Business Intelligence
Marketing, sales and technical support more important
Have a commercial relay and marketing during the realization of our communications and event operations.   Now, I would sincerely like to thank Franck MERCIER (-http://blogs.technet.com/b/franmer/) for its availability and its intervention during our morning BI Microsoft October 1, 2015, in Nantes.
There is no commercial relationship
THE PROGRAMS ARE NOT ADAPTED A SMALL STRUCTURES SUCH AS THE OUR. IT IS ABNORMAL THAT WE CAN DISTRIBUTE SURFACE PRO TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND THAT IT IS PRODUCTS ARE SOLD BY "FNAC" TYPES THAT ARE JUST PUSHERS OF CARTONS
TO ADAPT TO THE SMALL STRUCTURES
- The new release Dynamics NAV 2016 for Azure, Windows 10 - The boost in sales for our product Plannerone (www.plannerone.com) in the Microsoft reseller network 
Closer partnership between my company Ortems & Microsoft Dynamics R&D, to improve our value proposition to Microsoft Dynamcis customers
Simplified contracts  Easier process to declare granules for Dynamics NAV in Microsoft PartnerSource Business Center & with Microsoft EOC
About
From my point of view Microsoft must strive for excellence. He need to stabilise many products use improved. The same excellent technique is not enough. All the tools or products whose use is approximate, or quickly must be secure or replaced, in the tablets, PCs, phones, servers...
Strengthen the systems and simplify use.
Let sell materials PRO by resellers. Ex surface pro.
Longer listening to partners
More contact and communication
More modern, more in tune with his time and this is new (at least it was long) bold
Microsoft allows me to ensure my clients a true partnership relationship based on an accompaniment with innovative, reassuring and functional products.
More cloud in the region targeted training
Mobile convergence, desktop with Windows 10. The new material. This is going in the right direction and this is a real value added compared to the competition.
Focus on the Windows phone application development. For example, the Bing Ads application is available for IOS and android! The image given is not good because it discredits Windows Phone, which to me is a super product (with universal applications)
Analytics for tracking web sites, searching the Web with Google business accounts. What they do especially better it is market share (more than 80% of searches on the web in France, by Android market...).
The level of information is excellent. The terms of the partnership are generally very good.
Better information on Windows 10 seen by an ISV
Partnership fuzzy. Rate increase
Clarification of licensing for end customers
Ease products for small structures example: Exchange 16 GB RAM for ease of use, not to mention the huge space for a message store empty (15 GB). It is ridiculous for companies of 10 to 15 people
Simplification of communicate licences on the licence is not clear enough
Microsoft has continued to invest in the key areas that insure our customer-facing solutions and revenue generation continue to stay secure and grow.
Phones and integrated OS capabilities.
I've had many times to do with people's support, in french and English, and responsiveness as well as their accuracy are very valuable. In addition, the benefits provided by the partnership are useful for our company.
It should simplify the process of licensing, which for now offers a number of partners to get the same products, and does not know the real gain to choose one of these partners rather than another.
Innovative, but I feel a serious qualitative lower (os / security etc) should be quickly Yes... I know. I do not like that like apple, we do not have the right to sell and live your hardware product, I think product premium as the surface etc...  or will t - on? We believe more and more a test and sell bones and matos competitive products to our customers. especially the young clientele is less locked habits Microsoft (its os) this is where the danger
contact: technical and commercial Microsoft is too big, and we galérons to find the right people. Today, I galley at the moment to have an opk for office 2016 thus in preinstallation for our joint customers. I have no time to lose to activate with the customer in mag a lic to be then put to day on the short position, the ingram micro lounge, I was told that the OPK was not available, this is therefore an example.
access more quickly before the release of the news and tools tech and commercial on: - new products hardware - new services - new software - deployments tools because I always try to have some info that I can not find... style DIY you
Cancel products such as licensing office access or publisher alone is a mistake. the cloud the cloud the cloud are only here at Microsoft. rentals Rentals lic... do not forget that it is the customer who purchased your products. He wants to be the owner of its licence.  2 times per year a commercial phone or appointment to explain policies etc...
are taf on the virtu and the seriousness of the commercial follow-up and tech... awesome... he knows us better than Microsoft.
best adaptation to third-party tools, cloud, office 365, azure
stability and simplification of the systems of interaction between Microsoft product: SharePoint / project server / tfs / Dynamics / Exchange
in particular Exchange and SharePoint onPremise stability on which Windows update or see even other events leads to a system crash.
Can or no contact and follow-up with Microsoft
a better follow-up of partners...
Trust in Hyper v...
Call... follow its customers
More close to VMware... on server virtualization, VMware tools are most efficient and very stable. I see me step recommend Hyper V
NEW PRODUCTS RELIABLE AND SECURE
MORE PAY CLOUD
Availability of our interlocutors that compensates for the heaviness of the process and the Anglo-Saxon vision little adapted for our purposes
simplify licensing
It's simple!
Smartphone
Telephone and Television
Tablet
Samsung mini S4
NON
I recommended the edge samsung 6
Galaxy s5
telephony
SAMSUNG S6
Samsung galaxy mini s4
machine alaver
Samsung galaxy edge
Smart tv
Samsung galaxy
phones, TV
Led TV
interesting
phone
mobile phone
TV
SMARTPHONE FIRST PRIZE
phone
smartphones
TELEVISION GRAPHICAL REFRIGERATOR
Galaxy Notes 4
Samsung galaxy s6 edge
PC
mobile phone
S5
TABLET AND TV
TV 4 k
DK
Mobile phone
television
television
television
Smartphone
the Tablet Tab3
Mobile
NOTE 2
TV
TV
Tablet note 10
Galaxy 6
phone
a smarphone
portable
Smartphone, Tablet, connected TV
NULL
NOTORIETY
evolution
Because Windows 10
NULL
Windows 8 and 10 catastrophic
because windows 10 is a super new but with my computer notebook windows 8 I tried to take this last update but full of bug level display, restart etc...
INNOVATIVE
NULL
WINDOWS 10
More responsive to questions but customer service is glacial
quality of the last program
Improvement of products
It offers of exellent service
most inventive
BECOMES BETTER
Too much monitors its users
because they look to make progress
IT EVOLVES
evolution with windows 10
still has state of the art
More efficient
Company a monopoly, made selling forced, becomes inevitable. Windows 10 is a perfect spy.
Revelations about fundraising DONN2ES personal
It corresponds has my expectations
Cool
Improvement continued listening to users.
because I am more pleased
10 recent Windows
services10
The Director of Microsoft seems to have fun tackling the politician I quote: "It is easier to uninstall microsoft as Jean Marie Lepen", claire voters all FN (including myself) are just to hate this man and therefore the brand micrososft.
win 10 free, more stable
more good products
because I use windows 8 and that I me in am accommodated
new products windows 10
best experience
Windows 10 is not bad even though I had a lot of trouble to install it.
IN GREAT EXPANSION
the diversification of their product line seems consistent with quality
as regards the new xbox I find disappointing not to use my old games I still have to pay...
evolving futuristic
quality products
I acquired a failed Microsoft phone... This series of phones all have a touch failed, and Microsoft continues to sell despite this defect
With the novelty such as windows 8 and 10
quite simply I never have them problem with this site my microsoft software works very well
I like
QUALITY
more stable
W10 is better than 8 taff
more freedom
NULL
Windows
good opinion
This is a very good operating system.
IN constant progress
Windows 10 works better 8... it was difficult to do worse at the same time
I switched to windows 10, because the 8 was not great with squares
The service is apparently it improved
It is to improve customer's dynamique.Comprend more software
advertising
products evolve poorly. Windows 10 is a disaster
I find that their policy is better than before and they offer more interesting products (consoles, phones)
most innovative products
WINDOWS FREE 10
Yes
It is in progress
DK
the products are better and better
still has state of the art
-Removal of the application 6snap on Windows Phone
nothing to do with appliances
because!
with microsoft 10
NULL
She responds very well to has my expectations
The product I use is often quite slow
Windows 10
more than before technology
Windows 8
Because it is an excellent and reliable brand!
EVERYTHING IS MORE CLEAR
products of best quality and performance
A best accesibiliter of windows 10
not that I move to windows 10 and I can't find the tools necessary for my use, too many change kills change everything goes much too fast and it annoys me!
products in decline
quality
Because its latest innovations are compelling
good control of the tools
This is what I feel
They offers free windows 7 windows 10 and the tablet surface 3 is awesome
NULL
Too complex Windows and allowing more to use some software
GOOD
I went on the windows system 8 and I have somewhat regretted the 7 but in the end when I see 10 tell myself that much past 8
with windows 10
new OS too difficult to master
Yes
less good products
NULL
THE BRAND IS ME HAS NEVER DISAPPOINTED
Cool
NULL
NULL
innovative
I use computer products from Microsoft and I have no problem
because there are good things and others less well
No worries
NULL
good quality
No worries on the use of their tools
update a Windows 10 available for free
good reputation, generally good quality products
their services could be better
I have no reason to be dissatisfied
It is a real pleasure to use microsoft
effective
This brand is due to its promises and I've never had a problem with it
good performance products
No pb with this brand
It works well
because changes in versions of explorers are painful: pas content with windows 8
I find that this brand too imposes his vision of things
product safe, of good quality
the product allows both to work and have fun
enough for me for what I have to do
It matches my current needs
THE PRODUCTS ARE GOOD
oiguy
Ok
NB
This is a must-see brand in the field of Informatics
Microsoft is a leader and stifles everything. big brother.
Constant innovation
I use it and have not much to blame
This is a link on the net
scalable
It works well on the computer
good brand
Always reliable and quality product
QUALITY PRODUCT
I have nothing to reproach
I use a pc and it works not too bad
Good service.
Security
do not know
quality
VERY RELIABLE
Good product
no particular problem with microsoft products
I never have problem with MICROSOFT SPECIAL meeting
I like microsoft software
nothing to say more
very well done, very easy to use software
I like els product with which I work of the Microsoft brand
I use it and it is enough for me
I'm happy
performance despite the bugs more and more current.
functioning, good product
I'm glad
produces interesting but sometimes complicated
Because I care a little, as long as everything works properly...
begins to free services
practice
It serves me
DK
Offers many interesting services
These are software that work quite well
meets my needs in computer science
monopoly unbearable and far too expensive for not much
nil
FOR THE XBOX
C4EST A GOOD PRODUCT
novelty
It offers the same quality of service and product
It is convenient
I use microsoft and I have no particular problems
best PC operating system
r
I have not much to blame them
the service has always been equivalent for the same price
satisfied but incompatible with others
Microsoft is a brand that I use regularly but has nothing extraordinary.
I n never had no concern with microsoft
I saw no problem with this brand
do not know
no particular concern
no major worries in the use
Company bde quality with products that do hide nothing
offers reliable services
RELIABILITY BUT FLAT FOR MANAGEMENT VIRUS
Because the Microsoft products that are in my possession I am satisfied at the use level
Because for a long time several emes device d work with Microsoft software and I am also happy with the home console xbox360 and xbox one soon
DK
Works well
This meets my needs and I use
On the computer map I use Microsoft: had big problem
I always use Microsoft on pc and it's going to me. However I am not satisfied with their windows phone
correct software
Works well simple
the product me please and I have no problem
proper functioning of my connected devices
Convenient to use
I have nothing criticised microsft
no specific worries but I'm not always free to choose whatever I want but it's more the 'fault' of my parents than microsoft
good products simple to use
HE IS DOING THE JOB
CORRESPONDS PERFECTLY TO MY NEEDS ON A DAILY BASIS
More stable Windows the last wib10 reverts to some value of windows that had disappeared
good products that work well
It still works
for the pc
I am satisfied with the brand because it makes me daily with my laptop service
RAS
good NEC brand with to reliable Firebox
I have not so much comparators when I use their software and they anticipate my request by innovation
Good product
all of their products that I have used so far have been very efficient and good quality.
because everything is perfectible
because they are windows software
Never had any worries, RAS
no particular problem with the products that I use every day
Simplifies life
Other operating systems are Microsoft's are even better.
Their products are reliable
You can connect with all microsoft devices
DK
CEST JUST A TOOL FOR ME RATHER THAN SOMETHING THAT I SELECTED, IT MARKET PROPERTY
NULL
Reliable products
Degree of R year D
No new product
I have never encounter any problem since I use microsoft that's why I'm happy
Works well
It's better than Apple, but it's still too expensive
I have nothing to say. The products work
These are good products
products offered suit me
I was able to achieve what I wanted to do with these programs
meets my needs very well
for example, they have so much fear of piracy that even by purchasing the MP3 version, can not download them on our PCs. Windows 8.1 is complicated, heavy...
for the use, I am satisfied not particular pb
corresponds to mesbesoins
RAS
NULL
historic company that has never disappointed me
abuse
I wanted to try Linux and I came back to microsoft because more convenient.
PRACTICE AND EFFEICACE
because the Microsoft products installed on my computer work about correcterment
NULL
Hypocrisy at the imposition
Windows phone not bad
quality product
always also performant
Through my products experience stable and reliable, effective, many online solutions, regular updates
because my pc works well.
b
I rather just use I have for their products, but without more
brand at the forefront of progress
Brand that has a tendency to centralise information, which does not format open source, even for a simple text file
NULL
not to worry in particular
innovate pro and very good product
jke have never had a problem with this brand
Nothing in particular
I have aps etye decu
facilitates
NULL
I've never had a disappointment with a Microsoft product. However, it happened to me to temporarily have temporary "bugs".
because this brand me please much.
It is State of the art
I've never had anything to blame
easy to use
I've never had a problem
because I have nothing to reproach him
brand in the air of time ethics
the products I currently use I am satisfied
the price and ease
I love what they fnt
TOO SHORT PRODUCT LIFE
because I've never had problems with microsoft while I use it long enough.
Price
new versions are paying every year and not once for all
Good service, power, high-tech
decline in confidence since the release of services10
about
intuitive, user-friendly, practical, simple
I do not know
NULL
EFFECTIVE AND AFFORDABLE
because!
p
I've never had worries
Bad service
offers good products
The OS I use (Windows 7) gives me satisfaction, as well as its office suite that I use lot (access, word and excel)
Never any problem with but less well as apple
Good software, good services
they evolve
the new products are not completely reliable
I have Microsoft Windows-based computers, and they generally walk very well. On the other hand, it is true that I love all the browser Windows, and I use it when I am obliged, because I find that it is full of bugs, poorly programmed, and that they pass too many viruses or other errors
satisfactory services
It is complicated to use
cvbwcgbn
Because I use products that work
market not bad
The products that I use I am satisfied but they are less "sharp" than other brands
works well
because I always use microsoft
useful and practical,
I use these services for over 25 years... or would we be without Microsoft? Still under development, the new Windows versions seem better than the previous ones (especially Vista, Microsoft is always trying to simplify us your life
These are good products with the what I never had problem
access to w8 more bug for now
GOOD PRODUCT
It is a good brand
RAS
This system is installed on my pc but as I started on a computer I just not to judge precisely, my pc works well this is what matters to me
I prefer iphones
RAS
window 10 free
I have nothing to reproach him, consistent quality
so I am satisfied.. .my comp works well
useful but not enough fun, complicated to use
works well, efficient, good value for money
I like
This is a reference
no particular problem with their programs
I have nothing say about microsoft
I use Microsoft for a long time and I have no bad experience with this brand
I'm not an expert in technology and I do control not all programs
the services offered by this brand continue to satisfy me
I am not convinced by the competition.
leading brand
I have a computer and a smart phone Microsoft, they work fine but a little too much virus and not enough protection
their products suit me but there is no complete satisfaction
never disappointed
It's serious
my comp works and it works well (but some precautions should be taken: virus)
No worries
Windows 10 not compatible windows ridiculous market by report has google
satisfied
It is the same as before
the system that I use works, thats all I ask him
good quality-price ratio
because I use it
because
very well known.
No pb with
gberheyq
unaffected, neither satisfied nor dissatisfied
I have never had problems with this brand since I use it
They are good programs in spreadsheets
There are always in the innovation
NO PROBLEMS SINCE
no particular problem, works well
NULL
the last operating system w10 is a very good product
I am satisfied with the microsoft software as a whole
Win 7 ok
moderately satisfied
I think take a PC 10
I have nothing to reproach
I am satisfied but I fail a straightforward improvement in their services
JH
because
never had a problem
PAS decu
I've never had any problems
good service, good functionality
CA me plait
No worries al' use and constantly changing
can always be better
NULL
I use Windows 7 since its release, it is an OS that has never disappointed me
good product for a long time
It's been years that I use the windows (3.0...etc) environment and I am very satisfied both professionally as personally: environment friendly, easy to use, passage from one version to another easy.
good service
Not bad bug, bone rotted for phone
Because it is a good technology, but not the best
I do not know
because their products are complicated and unreliable
I don't have a problem with my pc
It is quite reliable
no problem with this brand
technical and effective
services I am satisfied
I use it without problems - apparent
unreliable products
NULL
A few products of this brand that I experienced have kept their promises.
I find that to equal product microsoft products are more efficient and more responsive to my needs
Products in everyday life
They are maintained but innovate little
frien's new
DK
I have no problem with this brand and I used for a long time
BECAUSE CEST THE CASE
This often beug
DT
I am never disappointed
NULL
good software but lack of creativity
I think that microsoft may be improving
very convenient
no specific problem
Pleasant and useful products
It is a recognized brand
System STABLE good com on windows 10 windows 8 was missed
done its job, windows essential
Fast and reliable
Very dissatisfied Windows 8
This works well
easy to use, reliable,
usability
No problems
I like
NULL
Windows 10 is better than windows 8
their products work well, including Windows 10 I am very satisfied
GOOD PRODUCTS
I've always used it
because it is simple fun and efficient
Competitive
RELIABLE
Microsoft remains as what
BECAUSE EVERYTHING WORKS VERY GOOD
BV
various
I like the Windows interface and the products work well with
because I find that overall it works well
I like
good quality
THE PRICE OF THEIR PRODUCTS IS A LITTLE STUDENT
Reliable product
NULL
Windows 10 corrects the error of W8.1
I NEVER HAVE PROBLEMS MEETING
no problem
It is a standard product which donctionne
technology always has the news
never of worries
nothing to reproach
no reliable worries
NULL
It works well
good value for money
This is a good company
RAS
Quality. Reliability.
I use a lot of software that I am largely satisfied, I like the design, ease of use, the games also
Because I like to use it
IT STILL OFFERS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EFFICIENT AND USEFUL
It works
This is very useful at work and in everyday life
regularity of the quality
product functional, rather pleasant to use
I use it
functioning
NULL
PRODUCT STANDARD WITHOUT MORE
GOOD QUALITY SERIOUSLY
everything works fine
Microsoft products are well finished, well finished... effective and
modern
always in action
Microsoft is part of our habits for some reason which escapes me again
remains stable
quality of products
do not know
not had a problem with these brands
NULL
nothing
ensure windows media longer for older versions
I do not know
None
continue like this
DK
Cheaper products
data protection
DK
I do not know
nihgy
More novelty resume leadership
I do not see
making cheaper
I do not know
more communication
about
I do not know
VERY GOOD QUESTION
a lower price!
None
GUI
I do not know
DK
do not block users
Faster
nothing
greater transparency and get down to the recycling of the materials
I do not know
RAS
NULL
do not know
HK
I dunno, cheaper can be
the number of products offered also
customer service
do not know
Being less expensive and bugger a little less in its new products
NULL
still more news
I do not know
updated drivers
Calm the hardeur of its leaders.
less than beug
SECURITY
Ok
no opinion
lower the price and the effectiveness of the assistance online
More privacy
I do not know
nothing
NULL
updates slow down more and more
CREATE A WINDOWS HAS CONSTANT DEVELOPMENT WHICH WOULD RENT 1 EUROS PER MONTH FOR LIFE
NULL
I do not know
change nothing
NULL
more applications
nothing
making of the new software better protected to prevent shipments of virus
QUALITY
I do not know
radically improve their farming system
decreases in the costs, free services
cheapest
I do not see
I do not know
I do not know
RAS
I do not know
I do not know
-Replace an Snapchat application in place
RAS
more viruses and crashes as with android
I do not know
does not know
Ok
cheaper products
significantly lower its prices!
I do not know
I do not know
even better be
Make Open source
the price
NULL
com with users more
do not know
Less purpose question of system failures
propose own design products. Kinda like apple that has a very good design and reconassable among all
no particular idea
lower prices
ADVERTISING
do not know
RAS
non
NULL
price
More of right to privacy
I do not know
sell expensive month its os
does ais not
more design phones
more d offers
more reflection before placing on sale products
cheapest software
nothing for me
NULL
neutral
that word is free for all
not know
more info
free of all its products. the judgment of the design of gas plants too consuming power
clarity of use and troubleshooting non-paying
NULL
do not know
DK
RAS
still lower the price
None
make less profits
It works better
bring a new technology
slow updates of products
J no
See previous answer
more choice
NULL
None
I do not know
I don't strictly know and it is also not my function
improve the compatibility of older devices
I don't know... be cheaper
More d innovation
stop trying to make the google/apple and Microsoft. The "spy" side of Win10 is quite unbearable.
LESS CHEAPER HEAVY
not know
do not change system d ' operation just two years
follow the time range
hrtssts
Simplicity in the way of communicating
I do not know
None
more stability level product, price down
free Office
Cool
I do not know
nothing
compatibility of the latest versions with the existing and conservation habits created
NOTHING IN PARTICULAR
amelioee their phones
nothing special, I is not complain me
I do not know
MORE ACCESSIBLE
Better security of its tools and more longevity of hardware
Always be sure to improve security in face of the "virus or hacker" and attention to the 'bugs'
stop the collection of data
more privacy
I do not know exactly
more features and less expensive
NOTHING FOR L INSTANT
performance
Let the degree of freedom that was present in other versions of Windows to Windows 10
Nothing to report.
remove any monitoring or denouncement of windows 10
an innovation
more transformers
nothing
idem
propose new features as nobody has yet released
more fluid being
lower prices, not to impose updates
I know not
DK.
DK
Best reliability and durability of the products
I do not know
the antivirus
less than drm
easier to use
not "Battlestar" user.
Make a reminder of all these models
NULL
A version of windows better than version 8 or 10?, more efficient
Price
decrease of shots
make simpler and more affordable financially
expand
Windows 10
nothing
do not know
Not be forced to upgrade to the version of Windows 10 that represents a real trap for beneficiaries
NULL
Less search profit
continue a optimize their products
cheaper
return to the old system
the price
price reduction
NULL
RAS
I do not know
do not know
The nvx browser explore edge deserves to be improved
be more creative
most creative perhaps
NULL
operating without bug system. more generally j do not need windows 10
"less bugs and above all less ' spy ' clients
lower prices
nothing
I know not
None
More reliability
less bug at the start of a new app
ease of use pure novice
DK
a little more freedom and free
I do not know
anti virus
reliability, quality
Reduce the cost of the office suite
It offers products that do not collect our personal data without our knowledge, and it offers less products to use and finally free software would be the welcome
RAS
I do not know
I do not see the price maybe
a material that can last a lifetime.
I do not know
NULL
new interface
I do not know
Security
I do not know
NULL
look like its apple competitor
I have no idea
Service
LESS PAYING GAME
Nothing
lower prices
Pay its taxes in France, propose best means of control of personal data, more choices of compatibility between different software, reduce costs
Improved OS
NULL
nothing
NULL
I do not know
do not know
nothing
surface
be more innovative
products more fun
join the config in config pano
I do not know
best explanation plain language in their manual
the ease of navigation on the new windows
I do not know
Microsoft office cheapest
DK
respect for personal data
no opinion
propose software open source
Make more intuitive window.
I do not know
I know not
more ergonomic
I do not know
I see not
NOTHING
FREE
NULL
DK
do not know
does not know
I do not see
Aesthetic and originality
NOTHING
NULL
make simpler use
price
NULL
nothing more
I do not know
I do not know
Improve compliance with privacy
offer products reliable and easy to use
The. Security
simplicity
NULL
None
I do not know
closer to people
DK
Windows 10
Nothing, I'm completely satisfied
I do not know
NONE
make things less commercial
be more responsive
confidentiality
I do not know
clearer software
DK
Less than policing.
do not know
I do not know
It is improved in time give us more modern tools
CCC
None
Finish the finish product. Some things seem to leave to chance.
Innovation
real simplicity and efficiency without faults
a relief and speed of its products
everything is pefectible
NULL
respect for privacy
Cheaper products.
NOTHING
the data protection
LOWER PRICES
compatibility with other brands
None
NULL
I do not know
I do not know
Windows
I do not know
DK
Not much
NULL
Reduce its prices or offer more efficient and innovative products than competitors
LOWER THE PRICE OF THE SUITE OFFICE
NULL
nothing
a better aesthetics
I do not know
NB
explanation in french already and listen more to the user and take are time
Disappear.
NULL
Become more competitive while remaining a product family and unpretentious.
lower purchase cost
nothing
UPDATE LESS EXPENSIVE AND MORE ERGONOMIC
Update and less cumbersome than
DK
NONE
Bing
Nothing comes in the immediate future
improve its multi-processing of its application on the computer that is not very successful
more reliability
more reports with clients
NULL
RAS
the price
closest being of its customers
no more
DK
Nothing in particular
DK
nothing
cheaper
Windows
confidentiality
I do not currently see.
Stay fidefe its commitments
NULL
Level children prices that may be lower, given the level of profits made by this company
improve the safety of its products
r a s
I do not know
I do not know
NOTHING
cheaper PCs
do not know
have more efficient, even more reliable products
DK
I don't see any improvement to
I do not know
nil
NULL
DK
Best developers for applications because a lot of bug
I do not see
I do not know
nothing for me ca satisfies me as it is currently.
I do not know
Simplicity
Less bug
ease
Nothing in particular
Can be cheaper
NULL
simpler products, less marketing
More open
DK
do not know
securing data
the price
a more reasonable price.
Create their own terminals
NONE
not to sit on these laurels
stop all secure, make a simple operating system, remove all windows that are worthless. Being a little more soft
less than DRM in its software
lighter
prices of the surface
confidentiality
cheaper products
its monopoly sortirt
Windows 10 best com tech days
Use less resource and avoid to pay subscriptions for xbox
I do not know
DK
I do not know
make quality products
do not know
more stable and more comprehensive system
I know not
NULL
None
Cheaper products
NAVIGATION MORE SIMPLIFIES
None
More transparent on live and less intru8
lower its prices
Reliability
nothing
should really improve the IE browser. It is much less efficient than Chrome or Firefox, because it lets through lots of "m * a", bugs, and does not prevent when intrusions are tempted.
HAVE MORE CONCURANCE
easier to use
nothing
even more choice of products
It is perfect
Frequent news
I know not
Nothing
simpler products
not to worry
I know not at all!
Let me a little more choice on these products and not to impose a product
ANTIVRUS INTEGRATED
BE MORE INOVATIVE
less monitoring
do not know the speed
nothing
not know
e
I don't have the answer to this question
I do not know
I do not know
more clarity
drop the last version of micorsoft
free a little compatilite
nothing
Cool
I do not know
more than decurite
I do not know, can be less updates
ADVERTISING
Faster boot from the OS
j
stop to the digital tablet, smarthphone, and this reconcentre on the working positions, make many version of Windows next uses even if new versions do - often
None
NULL
NULL
Samsung
Samsung
HP
ASUS
Samsung
Apple
Samsung
Sony Samsung htc
Apple
NULL
Samsung
do not know
Apple
NULL
Apple
HP
Apple
RAS
Orange
Samsung apple sony
Samsung
NULL
Samsung
APPLE
APPLE
Microsoft google
LG
Apple
Samsung
DK
Sony, Samsung, Apple, Phillips
Samsung
Samsung
Toshiba
Panasonic
NULL
HESPON
Samsung
Samsung
microscgfot
Canon
NULL
SAMSUNG
None
Sony
HP
LG
APPLE
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Philips
Apple
NULL
Microsoft
Samsung
Apple
APPLE
SAMSUNG
NULL
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
Apple
Samsung
Sony
Apple
Apple
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Sony
Samsung
BOULANGER
HP
Microsoft
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
None
None
Apple
Apple
Philips
Microsoft
Darty
NULL
None
NULL
Microsoft
Toshiba
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Windows
Apple
complicated
Apple
Apple
thy
Google
DELL
Samsung
Apple
SAMSUNG
samsung asus hp Sony
Samsung nokia sony hp lg lenovo asus
APLE
PHILIPS
SAMSUNG
Samsung
Google
Apple
Sony
Samsung
nothing
NULL
SAMSUNG
Sony
Apple
Boulanger
Microsof
Samsung
Apple samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
Sony
Apple
Apple
Apple
Sony
Apple
Sony
I do not know
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Apple
Samsung
TOSHIBA
Sony
HP
Samsung
Samsung
IBM DELL HP MICROSOFT
HP sony samsung
Apple
Samsung
Bouygues
SFR
I do not know
Apple
ASUS
SAMSUNG
Apple
Apple
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Sony
Samsung
NULL
SONY
Sony
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
do not know
SONY
LG
Samsung
Samsung
SAMSUNG
APPLE
I do not know
Samsung
HP
Samsung
Rue du commerce
Samsung
FNAC
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Apple
Apple
LG
Google
HP
ASUS
HP
Apple
Samsung
NONE
Apple
I do not know
Apple
Apple
Samsung
NULL
None
Ok
Samsung
Sony
Apple
LG
Philips
Apple
Samsung
WINDOWS
Apple
Samsung
HP
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
Nintendo
Samsung
I do not know
Apple
Samsung
Sony
Bose
Google
Apple
SANSUMG
SAMSUG
Samsung
NULL
Sansumg
None
Samsung
I do not know
Samsung
Apple
Window
Dell
VB
APPLE
APPLE
Samsung
Apple
Apel
Philips
Microsoft
NULL
Dell
Toshiba
Samsung
Google
Sony
Apple
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
Apple
Google
Apple
NULL
Samsung
Samsung
Sony
APPLE
WINDOWS
Apple
SUMSUNG
Microsoft
Apple
SAMSUNG
LG
Sony
GOOGLE
Apple
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Phillips
Apple
NULL
Apple
Samsung
IBM
Apple
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Sony
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
NULL
do not know
Philips
Microsoft
are
Sony
Apple
GROSBILL BOULANGER
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
HP samsung hewlet packard
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Sony
Google
Samsung
iPhone
None
iPhone
Apple
Apple
Sony
do not know
None
Microsof
Panasonic
Apple
DK
Sony
Canon dell
Sony
None
Samsung
Apple
Samsung
Nike
Samsung
Apple
I know not
IBM
Apple
HJ
HP
Apple
IBM
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Samsung
SONY
SAMSUNG
FNAC
None
Samsung
NULL
APPLE
NULL
Apple
Samsung
Toshiba
NULL
Apple
Sony
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Apple
Darty
Apple
Apple
Sony
UI
Philips
HP
TOSHIBA
Samsung
APPLE
Sony
Sony hp acer samsung apple lg
Lenovo asus hp dell apple samsung nokia sony pilipps
evidentis
Sonic
Microsoft
clear and simple
Samsung
Philips
Windows
Nokia
Sony samsung
Apple
Samsung
e'
Samsung
L g
Samsung
LG
Sony
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
LG philips sony smasung
Microsoft
Sony
NULL
Acer
Micro$ oft
Samsung
HP
Microsoft
Sony
Apple
I know not
Samsung
Samsung
HP
Google
Samsung
Apple
Samsung
APPLE
Apple
Sony
Apple
ASUS
Samsung
Samsung
NULL
Dell
Samsung
SAMSUNG
window
Apple
Apple
Synology
call
Panasonic
Apple
Microsoft
Apple
FNAC
Apple
Apple
Apple
FJ
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Microsoft
Apple
Samsung
Apple
HP
Samsung
Samsung
Microsoft
Samsung
Apple
Samsung
Apple
Sony
NULL
Apple samsung hp
NB
Samsung
APPLE
Apple
Sony
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Philips
SAMSUNG
bouyghes
machine alaver
Google windows apple asus
Sony
DK
Apple
Sony
Apple
NULL
Samsung
APPLE
Cool
Sony
Samsung
Microsoft
Samsung
Sony
Samsung
Samsung
Apple
Apple
Samsung
SONY
Samsung
Sony
SAMSUNG
Microsoft
Samsung
Microsoft
Sony
Gooogle
Sony
Philips
Samsung
Bosch
Sony
DK
Apple
Apple
Samsung
Samsung
Canon
Apple
Apple
OK
Samsung
Apple
Apple
SONY
sausung
SAMSUNG
APPLE
Acer
FNAC
Apple
APPLE
SAMSUNG
APPLE
Apple
ASUS
Apple
Apple
Sony
Sony
Google
Moulinex samsung
HP
HP
Orange
Sony
APPLE
SAMSUNG
SAMSUNG
Amazon
Microsoft
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
Samsung
APPLE
SAMSUNG
NULL
Apple
APPLE
PHILIPPS
Apple
samusung
Dell
LG
Apple
SONY
Samsung
Microsoft
HP
HKL
Samsung
Samsung
SAMSUNG
Samsung
WINDOWS
Apple
NULL
NULL
Accommodation of data in France, better communication on future or ongoing prod development tools
Cloud
Access to the partner website, review its ergonomics and so that it is not so slow...
Good
Are my expectations. The only worry is the award to our commitment, we would like to be able to acquire a Surface Pro 3 priced demonstration
Allow us to acquire materials has attractive products to our demonstrations at our customer
simplicity
should improve the simplicity, the licensing system is complicated and changes all the time
data collection too intrusive on the range microsoft especially in these times or the confidentiality of personal data and their use by providers are uncertain windows server 2012 10W guarantees on the data storage in the unclear cloud (I'm not for cloud based, techno me interested for web servers with auto provisioning but I do not have confidence in the safety of the company's data) j is investigating openstack for proproser offers private cloud
Let the choice has the clientele and the best price or not to use the cloud.  old sbs servers were fine but the latest EBS 2012 bid proposed that the cloud + 25 users option as the old climbed a 75 internal users and allowed to retain data in the company if desired. Since anyway internal servers are not yet definitively out of the framework of the undertaking, I see not why a tpe should invest a server in the office + subscription to cloud services. the King is much better by l materiel acquisition.   I put in place a bid in 2008 which consisted of an average server range assembled by myself, with license vmware vsphere essential (smb) for the rationalization and consolidation of server physical + sbs 2008 for the primary server. This offer was also has a TPE to rotate two or three servers with a physical machine, which allowed to create a machine dedicated to enterprise applications.   today I can no longer offer this offer has the support of microsoft products, our R & D search service now actively the solution opensource to replace the core SBS (AD, Exchange, Sharepoint) windows products are still present on our conventional infrastructure offers but this kind of infra cannot agree has a TPE who can finance full pot vmware licenses windows, sharepoint, exchange, ect.
a better warranty on the confidentiality of the data and less than gathering any azimuth.  I blame these points has a lot of the time IT partners.   I know that the gathering is crucial for the ameilloration product and I always used the reporting tools and diagnostic services supplied with Windows but in recent years I have more reluctance to use.  We need more clarity on the nature of the data transmitted
no idea
performance and virtualization services
most important technical training
Better communication and more visibility on the developments.
Decline in the price of the licences
Simplify licensing modes
More efficient virtualization systems
constructive working relationship
Document sharing
Monitor us more closely (WFP)
Licensing, its complexity and the ongoing changes, is still a big issue for partners. Mastering the exact rights can be difficult and is often slowing down business with our customers.
Cloud flexibility & elasticity
The products that you offer are very interesting, practical and well designed overall. The reproaches lie at the level of the launch. Your products are not sufficiently prepared in marketing. Another blamed, and it is related to a problem we face at the moment, it is very difficult, even impossible to reach someone at the level of the partnership when an administrative problem.
Improve the relationship with partners by phone, email or chat.
Little tracking custom. No person dedicated to advise us
Having a simpler partner site and making more readily available documents on microsoft products
Better access to the information. Too complex website
Make license servers and CAL and Exchange schemes more simple
Policy, openness and communication improved.
The only real problem remaining screw our customers concerns the systematic takeover of the CAL users when a new version of application server (Windows, Exchange, SQL). There are the SA, but this is not about everyone and is limited in time. It would be very interesting to have a rate of update as is the case in many competitor on the CAL (the server licenses are not affected). Many projects in SMEs block because of the redemption of the licences.
Products seem more reliable
More documents about the benefits of products. More documents to use the products together.
Much more information, examples, documents on the offers in the "cloud". It is still a cloud where we get lost. I am not able to say what Microsoft offers cloud apart from Office 365. We hear a little French Riviera but after all, apart from SQL, what is? In short, a big effort is required to the com on the cloud.
Microsoft should put "banner" on the site for example that would be promoting on the partners close to customers.
Even more value and work with partners.
DK
More may be specialized
I noticed that for some time the investment in training and explanation on products is most important (this must be the new product ex: win10).
the possibility of being a direct partner without being forced to go through a dealer.
1 - go back on its decision to withdraw their custom contacts 2 - GOLD partners better communicate during changes in the rules for the renewal of partinariat GOLd (applies for us; partner "GOLD  Publisher of software" in the case of the next elections "plateform ready Windows 10")
Interactions are more meaning you really feel that partners are better considered and help microsoft to achieve its objectives
CRM
Good products and good accompaniment
Microsoft should consider simplification of the management of licences
Local presence
New strategy
Good relationship with stakeholders but the MPN is too complicated, too binding
facilitate the process of incentive
Training
Less than prerquis; provision of business more
The investment from partners and free training
the main reason is a feeling of homogenization of products and increased functional cloud tools
A simplification of the partner programs
Performance product. Opportunities for the partner to use many resources. A point to be improved is probably the partner site
Quality monitoring dynamism felt in the MicroSoft strategy
Relationships can be closer?
Tool for simulating costs Cloud pitch / AWS when commercial approach
Ease of use of the web sites (Microsoft, partners, MSDN).
Cost simulation tools, Gains posted productivity ease of implementation (I point out that we have use AWS for a CLient for prototypes and experiments)
Simplicity in the sale of products (demat, annualisation of large public licence...)
IMPLEMENTING PLAC ED A CSP PARTNERSHIP IS IMPOSSIBLE
RDV TECHNICO COMMERCIAL REGION MORE I RECENT A DECLINE IN MY TRADE PERFORMANCE BECAUSE I N HAVE APS MONITORING OF RDV MICROOSTF DEOUYIS LONG
MORE MEETING IN THE REGION FOR THE PRESENTATION OF FIREBOX WITH MORE D4ANTICIPATION ON THE DATES THAT WHAT HAS BEEN DONE TO THE SURFACE HAS BORDEAUX IN OCTOBER
PERFORMANCE P TO V
Many changes and novelties improving my satisfaction to microsoft
The mobile app on Android should be able to manage change of events in the agenda and not only creation/deletion
w7 a W10 seems good, visual studio free, interactions PC with smartphone in progress
do not forget visual studio, do not forget ACCESS
make a super smartphone with a great pc interaction
I am certified for more than 15 years. I like the philosophy of products.
More easily meet the french and American evangelists
The latest announcements!
continue investments on Microsoft partners
Commercial lobbying by Microsoft is very well designed vis-à-vis the IOC and branches best technical local IT and departmental support would be better care or be better sold for migration projects
the road more readable maps have
NULL
NULL
NULL
HOTLINE not very simple and not always quality
NULL
Win10 quality and ease of migration.
NULL
NULL
NULL
more efficient customer contact
INOOVATION
COMPUTERIZED ITS CLUNKY STRUCTURE
I do computer since 1978 I started with Windows 3.1 and I have all my Microsoft licenses since. I find difficult and even non-existent solutions with our computers still running XP the Microsoft reference
Windows 10 is the most successful Microsoft software
I do not know!
simplification of procedures
improved communication
contact custom
A simpler web site
Progress of Office for OSX
Simplify cloud professional version for the TPE
Less software bugs
Support more accessible, clearer information
hot line ghostly dealer, website maze, profusion of products, change of distribution without explanation, office 365 renewed directly by customers so 0 turnover for us... you want yet?
have a hot line capable of responding fast dealer and simplify the catalogues. We do not have the time to spend hours online seminar or conference... If someone reads this text he sends me an email: rossi@infobis.fr
NULL
Microsoft's strategy is not clear enough in the mobile, and the Astoria projects / IslandWood bring lots of confusion for our customers which is bad for business!
By being transparent vis-??-vis its partners
By more direct contacts
Do not make it obsolete too quickly earlier versions of Windows
because I believe that Microsoft could make the effort to lower its prices taking into account its dominant position (especially on software that can change year after year as Office)
Technological innovations
No technician available for support in France on the technical issues of OEMs (deployment of images, etc...). Support English which makes only very rarely the right answers to the questions. Access late versions beta or final bone (last example dated, Windows 10...).
Provide support in France for the OEM to answer technical questions.
Gain clarity and simplicity. Say less, but better
More visibility on products and architecture proposed even if a long way remained to be done, many shadows again!
More more speak my language, simplify, clarify. Make certain administrative tasks more understandable
Clarify its offer and simplify access
Since the arrival of Windows 10, I only have problems about the update on customer who wished to spend either from Windows 7 or 8
Have Windows more stable 10
Do not impose on us products at exorbitant rates, improve the quality of your services, adapt to the needs of small businesses and provide visibility on rates for free the first year and the cost at the end of free products.
I am not yet convinced of installation of Windows 10 free the first year and other years we have by visibility on rates.  So I preferred to abstain for the moment. Ditto, I have 5 PC which should go under Windows 10, how much cost me licenses next year. I remain skeptical on these points.
Go to companies like mine.
I am independent and I work at my account.  I find that there is no effort made by Microsoft for businesses like mine.
Adapts to the size and the needs of our business.  Are always at our listening instead to impose a product.  In terms of support, they are always very responsive and this.
True user-oriented software interfaces and more natural logic in interface designs. Yet one feels too the footprint of it professionals in interfacing. Some terms used correspond to nothing for the Lambda user. WINDOWS 10 rule a part of concern but not all. There is still the way to go and the storage to made in the scheduling of data received. Once again, more consistency.
Although efforts are being made for greater consistency, there is still some way to greater interoperability of products. Still no gateways between Outlook desktop and the rest still export contacts in CSV format! Similarly it must offer several levels of settings, and for those who wishes to, have access to a complete setup of the WINDOWS 10 system and its software. The options are for adulescents submitted to consumerism. Also made an effort in the description of Windows services, I know of no definition also idiots than those proposed; TCP IP service manages the TCP IP protocol... But it does what exactly this service? for those who want to learn more is always also wobbly.
Focus on developing products (kinds of hardware and software packages) oriented trades. In focusing professional assistance, offer turnkey solutions for the TPE (traders, craftsmen), educators and students. You made that offer products and everyone must adapt all. Off the time to understand how take advantage of a software or a simple feature and hop a update just shoving everything, or there is pass side of many other things. Call me, I have some ideas which may may be serving you to really customize your offerings.
pre-sales support and the ability to bundle a suite of products. A rental system to the month and not the year
Perhaps a less cost compared to families and schools
I encounter no particular problems
Answer to my question there is over 1 year
More widespread?
develop products for businesses rather than for adolescents
No. how
Ergonomics why 20 years Word and Excel do not have the same ergonomics? For example you can close a file in Excel without closing Excel, not in Word
Produced little ergonomic: to believe that the developers have never used the products that they develop
Many more applications available for Windows 8.1/10 Mobile
policy changes: - services platform - "a" 10 "universal" free shift Windows
Windows 10 is finally reached. More Office 365 improves.
Simplification on Applications (already in good track with 10 Windows, convince companies to spend a Windows 10) Need t - it remove Windows 7, such as Windows xp in a few years!
Opening global to work with Microsoft 'personal and business' products simple tasks which facilitates the everyday life of each. Not to mention the store."personal"I might more return on Windows 7"
Simple and closer to the company
No specific problems
the speed of starting the pc ideally less than 10 seconds
Continuously monitor his client to give the maximum of opportunities for innovation, efficiency, performance. When I open any PC it is a crazy time to become operational or download updates, it's really a very big big big problem for my company.
Very fast multitude of applications constant search for new products
as I just mentioned you in the previous question reasons
Think better oriented products user have a dedicated offer small organizations respect the wish of those who do not want to move to the cloud by not depriving them not the other progress
Windows free logic of the more collaborative Office subscription
Better. Availability offer support for OFWS
Most innovative better suited my needs oriented user
offer corporate users of Windows 10 to a classic desktop (Windows XP or 7) otherwise, in undertaking this remains a chianli too bushy, uncomfortable.
The software correspond to the needs of businesses, they become even "universal" they are reliable and a fair price.
SAID EQUIVALENT, because I can make a difference.
significant improvement of products return very satisfied user
A presence in the region: tired of the masses in Paris
The Drive: Google's environment is more reliable than that of microsoft (I use the professional title 2) suite Office has no equivalent at Google in terms of productivity tool
The points of improvement: Technique: 1. OneDrive and OneDrive for company has still bugs, recurring, sometimes requiring fully resynchronize workstations: lot of time lost when volumes are substantial. 2. the technical evolutions of Windows (8, 10), go to a decrease of the administration functions of windows (backups, network and sharing Center) which is done at the expense of good operational management. Microsoft confuses where simplification and reduction feature.  Commercial: 1 Office 365: subscribed to 'Mean business', I'm still not able to download the 2016 Office version! 2. I have known the worst problem in the purchase of a surface pro 3 with the Store windows. Expectations and the final weeks I went to buy it in the supermarket.  3. the store windows is not suitable for procurement for companies: the account must be a personal account and a business account. It's mind-blowing!
A purchase online for businesses for example!
By easier access online
Until windows 10 has the solution transverse multi support and performance and a clearer legibility of windows server.
I remains refractory to politics 'Push' of office 360.
Perfectly meets my request
I expect to be surprised
no response from your service since 1 year to a question raised on the SURFACE PRO 3
lack of usability
Hear the needs of users
Really having specialized stakeholders. too many times I stumbled on people, certainly friendly and available, but which did not even understand what I was asking them. A true dialogue of deaf with a pre-formatage of people who intervene against any suitable reasoning and I dare say intelligent.
simply more explicit, user-friendly
? Perhaps a phone number where you can have someone online?
In general bonb products despite a few flaws.
support
More in tune with the needs of the user
Allow the user to make suggestions at the time of use.
DK
A little more suitable ergonomics during the updates program
The documentation translated into the language of the country concerned. Programs and aid of licensing choice and flexibility for change of licence.
We are taking greater account of the application of business customers. Better suited product lines. As a Microsoft partner I expected more on the commercial side, the communication in the language of the country target.
Regular contact Sockets with partners via video conferences (company Skype)
A version of operating system more sustainable. The questioning of the information system are too frequent. Rather than add bricks, the base is regularly changed, impeding the development of the infrastructure.
Free Windows 10. Windows 10 seems more intuitive and consistent than Windows 8.
Do less versions of the various solutions. Accessible learning tools microsoft, with complete documentation in French that come out at the same time as products, and overlying completeness of the issues presented at the certifications, to allow better control of distributions.
To simplify the operation of the licences, and publish an official recommended price.
New products and services more integrated and consistent. Nice evolution of Windows and Office365
henchman, license management
the assistance before the sale
Having easily accessible hotline, by making the tariff difference of TPES and large businesses. Why have TPE rates as the student fares?
Quality of service, availability of the Hotline, overall simplicity. Printing to be understood is greater than that of Microsoft.
no idea
often the explanations are in English that I don't control not
more easy d 'access
NULL
NULL
Tester quality, client and contractor of your product for over 20 years I would like to have access to more material and games a test so you given the reliable returns and you make the pub based on first fronts and more recognition of to that I will your product on my different social media!
Simplicity in its technical supports
more consideration of customers and french entrepreneurs and others like me who are testers
Price too high for Microsoft product and not a lot of bug! I am tester of products and games and I must pay all of my pocket which is not normal! I am also creator of web site and my OS shows malfunctions.
NULL
NULL
More stability. More taking account of the expectations of the users.
More show case?
I do not know!
Being less expensive
Being has the page
I love the concepts of google
No ideas
The products are of good quality
Dedicated sales agents?
It is not better... But it offers a good comprehensive and solid material... Microsoft offers solutions software easily deplyables on IBM hardware...
I do not know but could at certain meetings or events give us the opportunity to use the product presented in question so that we can make an initial assessment based on our experiences.
Microsoft's products meet the current computer requirements and allow to develop high-performance users applications and cross-platform
With the current global crisis, Microsoft should offer rates a bit lower for businesses...
Improve interoperability between HyperV and VMware. It is a true point blocking to adopt Microsoft's virtualization.
Windows 10 corrects errors in Windows 8. Several initiatives to open up the Linux world. (Interoperability)
Facilitate the migration of data from an external cloud for Onedrive.  Implement a system of loyalty. Facilitate interactions with third-party solutions.
no account of customer loyalty
By simply answering the questions
Cortana (to continue the improvement of this exceptional service) a good forward in Javacript/Typescript for the front-end application Windows 10 development / design more successful Specifications.
Windows 10 and Universal Apps are a real step forward.
A cloud which is cheaper.  The news arriving faster: example Polymer before Angular2 specification Material Design vs. specs for Windows Phone not yet output 10.
Mounted range of apps and conti hum s vo tinyuu co tinuum siur
Best products, streamlining of ranges. Healthy but still way too many products is stepping on it... There should be a Skype, a OneDrive have features more complete versions...
Answer the questions that are asked.
Streamline, remove duplicates products, correct faster ineligible points such as the fact that some characters are forbidden on OneDrive Business then that pass impeccable on mainstream OneDrive...
fairly complete products, insispensables for sharing documents with partners, customers, suppliers, etc...
Answer the questions that are asked and especially do not leave questions unanswered...
Give me the latest version of Office that I bought 2 weeks ago
that your programs work and answer our questions. A simple example the homepage of this questionnaire said us "thank you for having responded to this questionnaire", of "having answered"! While it has not started! immediately we know that one is with microsoft service provider d e the has little ready message d 'aid' must be drawn, or always fits next to the questions...
Windows 8 is a disaster, nothing works properly...
trade avecvous me indiffere, has stuff that walk and we will be happy
do not block or interfere with anything that is not microsoft (open office by ex), offer software that works (not like ms project!) and not let its name to license to escrots who blindent your machines to viruses and you pay to remove!
Support disabled persons and their project.
For me google got more aid than Microsoft for the moment.
More help independent developers and the disabled.
View my recognized disability there are very can of time and being game developer (the video games is my passion) I request assistance to Xbox France to continue my passion and they (you) have do the deaf ears! Not really pro on your part! Nickname twitter / Xbox live: conanfredleseul you will see as me query.
Have telephone contacts easy to reach quickly, courteous and kind (one often has the impression that your interlocutors speak as of robots).
Product well suited for 3 years
Power quickly have competent telephone interlocutors for our questions of everyday life.
Work on windows 10 seems more younger direction and not for the general/heavy work user, back-up has moved backward to W7 and not moved forward. Some Apps work well, others are rubbish, not bothered about OLD Apps that worked for the XP user but not now (Pay for new) is the call. No or little intergration with Tech ie. video, music, TV etc. I have PC TV Laptop Tablet all streaming and sharing everything, no W10 solution for that.
As said before intergration is bad, back-up has moved backward and direction seems lacking
intergration, I can get most things in one place, don't need several Apps to switch between to do what I want overall
Again I won't to do all things in one place, an example is the printer sits in an OFF state until needed by some-one, prints what is needed then switches OFF again. (just need to get it to take the prints to the PC that ordered them) saves legs.
no idea
Free migration to Windows 10 is a very good operation and restores confidence in Microsoft
good question, no idea
Problem with Windows 10
Products and services provides by Microsoft correspond to my needs in mobility through the windows phones and my office.
See the info of french products have more important information on new products (example: can we make an update of windows 7 pro 64-bit to windows 10 pro 64 bit without perdres my data?)
I use windows 7 pro 64 bit and I would like to switch to windows 10 pro 64-bit I use office professional 2010, and when I'll be passed to windows 10, I will install office professional 2016
the gradual evolution satisfies me. But stability and the contanse also.
NULL
NULL
NULL
Enhance security for not having to install software triers
?
On a PC, it obtains messages like "could not verify the license" on another it is impossible to set up one enterprise drive because it never finds the connected library.
adjust technical problems
?
Innovation and security
Better stability
More innovations
A better presence, more information on the products and their integration with programs existing. More real event training of the type "javascript open day"
Best general communication and more openness and information about its projects. Innovations interesting which shows that the company has a vision in the long term
Find a way to have a human relationship with the end customer
I know MS produced since they exist and the current state is the logical culmination of the work done. I should mention that my satisfaction does not include commercial and administrative developments that I do not approve.
I noted: equivalent
Take better account of the situations of the customers
more security on our personal data and the risk of being used by third evil or much mean-spirited
information hidden by the dicfficultes has access to the setting in the confidentiality of mail a uicrosoft
lot tracking and a commercial and technical policy that fits the world of people and business
No. Windows phones and pc security because threats will be increasingly active google has more of the problems the dessus.et also have a catalogue of worthy of google's applications entertainment who has arrived I know the problems developers vien he prefers satarder on the side of the sect dapple
My opinion grows fat in the new os on Windows 10
passage in W10 and office 365: problem with touch pad of my tablet surface (stylus, the former was much more practical Outlook that does not well updated with mail Outlook reflecting more the history of files used...)
less update! even if they are due, I find that there is too much
create the platform with former operating system in order to facilitate ownership and operation of the satellite (fax machine, external server...) devices
you haven't anticipated platform with feature XP pro and this poses problems of compatibiltes with other equipment (e.g. xerox Copier) which obliges me has keep an old XP workstation for the safe operation of this machine
regmer the problem of my comment before
NULL
NULL
NULL
NULL
Reagent product with informational messages like "Windows Defender", new version Windows 10, etc
Loyal customers by offering cheaper than commercial products
Apple and Microsoft have equivalent technology, but Apple is more expensive than Microsoft
NULL
NULL
NULL
NULL
Lumia 950 hardened and sealed (IP69, standard mil8xx,...)
Detailed mapping software
New: Windows 10, lumias and surfaces
Reliable products and many updates
Arrival of windows 10 (an OS for all equipment). Stability apriori windows 10. The surface quality of the pro 3.
Improvement and generalization to all powershell products
Progression of the system operation is going in the right direction, there of better manager
Certain information is sometimes difficult to have. You eventually always ask has a person or company
NULL
Simplification of licensing and lowering the cost of software insurance if you wish that someday is subscribes to this service!
Tariff policy professional, too high.
The licenses! How to propose Cloud with Office365 and forget the thousands of euros that you asked us to spend to full products... The interopabilite between the two is impossible to date, really very pity...
It is clear that the change of direction announces new products more in line with the expectations of IT and it professionals of today.
Make your communicating online store. Put a human presence behind your web pages.  Stop hide you!
By hiring real qualified personnel and training products (very bad Xbox en service)
The last tablet on side pro 3 has no 3G module to insert one car you SIM, this indicates that Microsoft lacks professional vision to not see that mobility is now at the heart of all businesses. And this point is just one example. Your one-colour Nokia phone is in net decline compared 5 Apple and Samsung. MS office 365 is only by subscription and uue strategy error.
In addition to the previous elements, a true Microsoft support. Memory, Microsoft online support is the only site that does never brings me the solution to my problems Microsoft!
Complexity of the licensing
? do not change the Navigator's products with each release
?
True licneces simple and effective management that does not waste time
HOW TO CONTACT WITH PRIVILEGED PRICE DROP
CHEAPER PRICE
TOO EXPENSIVE
MAKE PRODUCTS CHEAPER AND BETTER COLLABORATION TECHNIQUE
a bone quality which offers all the tools in a simple way. AND as qu admin of my company's tools efficient control and mass configuration, managing the flow of data and simple task automation.
Mix Pro and particular is your big flaw.  example: at work I need d of Administration complex and effective tool, and paying deployment at home of fun free product is simple
a windows on 2 is the other bad
continue
A special relationship related to our company at the commercial level
Reliability and adaptability to specific applications of our profession
By performing ad hoc commercial reductions related to our activity
more close proximity
more explanation about the uses
Approach more dynamic, more innovations in the direction of the market
more close proximity
adapted license management
BJR, yet too many buggs in bones
Licensing simpler and more suited to small structures programs
As a user, we seek stability. Whether it's the client OS, OS servers, Office Automation solutions, we want tools that last because we have something else to do than to organize a migration of one or the other every 3 years. We understand your business purpose, but it is exhausting, counter-productive, disorienting for most users who are not all geeks. Especially when dogma at the interface level lead to 180 ?? turns. Is it so difficult that not systematically imposing an interface to the user, rather than letting the choice? Hey, if someone wanted a classic desktop, so Windows 95 for example (okay, it is cartoonish), why remove it? The user interface, it is 80% call hot-line for us...
She stops to impose stupid choices in terms of interface and that it leaves really the choice. Number of simple tricks that could be easily done in previous versions of the OS have disappeared, while they talk to me constantly increased personalization: lying! Let us the choice! Stop wanting our good against our will! In versions of the OS Server, always more features but significant losses console nice management (disappearance of tsadmin for example), which make the daily time-consuming and complicated: the simplification of deployment should not be at the expense of the operation! One has the impression that tools are not thought for actual use in everyday life. For Office: Seriously, from version to version, there is a machin for moron, one has the impression of less and less to understand the reactions of the software and to actions that are not at all what we wanted. Functions increasingly guided, supposedly: result, in my business, know less and less users do a mailing! In short, it promises me a rise in productivity and it is quite the opposite... I know that there are beta-testing, but frankly, either person you go up this kind of stuff or it of geeks and not real life people, either you listen that it want to hear.
The last bones (windows 8/8.1) that were completely disoriented users without providing any added value, the early exit of Windows 10 whose stability on all configs is not good, the omnipresence of the cloud, always more intrusive services, always more threatened privacy...
Licenses, this is the jungle. Should contact specialists about what to order. Model to simplify.
Product fearsomely effective, exemplary stability, compatibility tested from one version to the other is there, not obliged to any re - learn.
being satisfied with microsoft products, I don't see any specific improvement. Perhaps the establishment of more playful theme in office 2013 (outlook).
Products maintained, reliable, and comprehensive strategy.
A better understanding of the operation of the licence. A better understanding of the expectations of users in OS (the Tablet mode is not very happy for a fixed workstation).
It is not easy to have clear information on the licensing for example, change you the management at any time. Resellers are able to aware of the functioning of the licences. When they are people from Microsoft that we are on the phone, they cannot deliver tariff, even not the public tariff.
Avoid planting an OS on two of the workstations. Windows 98 OK Windows ME KO Windows XP OK Windows Vista KB Windows 7 OK Windows 8 and 8.1 KB Windows 10... to see
Efficiency and simplicity
Ease of management and deployment of products
Simplify access to customer support. We've many times dropped the idea of making an application to support because of the complexity of the process.
Ease of muse in place and use
Facilitate and simplify access to customer support. The process is really very complex and sometimes even deterrent.
Better taking into account the problems of small businesses. Taking account of the uses mixed pro and domestic
An expert system to simulate the various solutions licenses. I am hybrid mode of OV SA user and 365... difficult to find without expert. Try granularize licences.
centralized management more accomplished, produced more efficient in this area.
The licensing mode and price
Products and services are interesting and adapted to our needs but the customer, although competent support, is fairly complicated to use.
mode of licensing and pricing too complex! the sales are good
more open, cross-platform best price especially for older clients, better technical hot line (in french) and especially the too complicated licencing!
Very bad support. More the same relationship live in the company as a 15 year ago...  Microsoft grew grossi is a giant... Done this at the expense of the quality...
MICROSOFT product became reliable enough. a flat Microsoft relations are much more tedious than in the past
transparency
Customer service on a problem with a SURFACE
y' has someone at the end of the wire
rental maintenance contract tarifairement adapted to our structure
Used microsoft products are ^ rather reliable and satisfies the need. The negative point is the lack of clarity on versions
exceptional reliability - hyper responsive and professional support
do a better job of supporting the office365 suite on Mac OSX, especially getting rid of Lync 2011 and improving the 365 activation process (which tends to bug, requiring manual deletion of certain keys from the keychain)
identified and competent interlocutor
Overall the products give satisfaction on the OS (Windows 7, Windows Server, Exchange) where the low level: - commercial support (not responding to solicitations on Web site) - technical support (a week of ping-pong between different services to retrieve an activation server with dismal answers key) - doubtful technical choices that require sometimes days of work to solve simple problems - the closure to other technologies always present.
Lower prices.
Windows 10. MSE (with W7). Free versions simple and user-friendly
Propose the establishment has more clear and free days
Offer licensing in education
Equivalent. Compatibility issue. Price.
No particular opinion, tools come with a microsoft operating system that works well
Products are constantly evolving while being more ergonomic. All this goes in the right direction
Propose per device in addition to those by user licenses. Indeed they disappear, which increases the price for schools.
Best followed expectations users, but I would say that it started two or three years ago
More clarity and information on offers and products available.
Because very satisfied would mean a score of 10/10 while I am more towards 8/10
New product Inovation
Better distributed
Crm not known among ms
Evolution of Windows and Windows phone
NULL
NULL
Update Server, pack Office. Optimizing exchange performance
Some difficulties on the Office365 stability for our students. Also some problems with our exchange server and services
In the case of a subscription type CAIH, put online a customer for the automatic management of the activated licences.
Since the CAIH subscription with the opening of incidents with your services and trainings proposed which I participate actively.
direct relationship
best products and innovative ads
more direct link
idem
Hello, the forcing of services10 strategy, the complexity of Office 365 (the cloud), even if the Office products are good and... essential. However, contact with the maintenance is excellent, Microsoft is less remote.
Understand what are the innovations, have a clear vision of the price of licenses, that the Cloud does not change all the time look, which disturbs my users, and do not have our disk cluttered by $Windows ~ BT. It would be a good start.
See how works an SME (it handles 100 pc, sometimes aging, cannot not all pass them under W10, we do not think that flying licences, one seeks simple for our personal tools, not gas, certainly innovative plants, but not in relation to needs, or misunderstood).
new product and a new innovative generation of product
NULL
NULL
NULL
NULL
SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ARE OF QUALITY... THE SUPPORT IS EXCELLENT
Help build infrastructure in Azure.
Spectacular progress on Office365 and especially Azure.
Offers extensive and structured.
Lowest cost of SQL Server licensing
The products seem to be best and most innovative
More frequent contacts, simpler licensing system
Not best: identical (see previous answer)
The bones are more reliable since vista.
LESS CLOUD, AND MORE SOFTWARE ORIENTED BUSINESS USERS
SOFTWARE TOO ORIENTED WEB NOT ENOUGH BUSINESS USER
RESELLERS LESS ORIENTED TURNOVER AND MORE IN COUNCIL.
TAKE ACCOUNT OF THE PEOPLE WHO USE MICROSOFT SOFTWARE. DO NOT UBLISH THAT USERS ARE QUICKLY ROUTS NOT NEWS IN BUSINESS.
commercial relations and specific training, especially at the level of licensing
more relationships with commercial
more presence on the ground
less stress
presence
More great translation of technical documents
no major problem
-more attractive pricing policy (too many licences, cal, etc...)
the new policy in terms of Windows licenses is too restrictive, and does not take into account the needs of the business. Cannot migrate all of a park to a new OS from one day to the next, especially an OS that is still pending
having a simpler licensing... policy even certified resellers encounters difficulties in understanding the licensing. And more facilities to find resellers in licensing education.
Make roads shows province and not systematically in paris. Tech camps are sometimes courses and province travel time is longer than the course he same
Be closer to small business
Shorter waiting times in the support line
More advanced and more robust technology
The lowering of the minimum of licences required for accessing some solutions such as Yammer Social Listening. The improvement of the new CRM Online billing system which recently had a little positive impact.
Quality products, value for money, level of support
I indicated that I found the two equivalent bids.
Simplify offers it everything in accordance with the actual needs of customers
Not know!
Improve support by simplifying the Web site online and amliorant research. No doubt increase aid via Cortana.
Licensing policy, ergonomics of the products, listening to the customer
Global provider of modern solutions for the enterprise
Bad current compromise between direct and indirect sales ??? mixture of interlocutors, blend vision, messages scrambled according to the commercial interests of some or other... I do not know how Microsoft can improve this.
I have not checked "best", but equivalent.
reseating the technet program
I do not like the cloud and Microsoft tends to require its customers to come. I like to have my software to me, my infra to me, and not be required to be connected for use. I like my product to be followed in their lives and not it is bait to drag to another offer: ex: office too talkative 2013 on the net, office 365 = cloud etc... SharePoint Foundation that disappear as to require companies to switch to pay mode. etc...
Actually listen to customer needs beyond innovation for innovation have simpler licenses has understand do not force the evolution software etc
office product that work well
A cost of licence equivalent on the cloud to purchase a license gained and kept 3 years
The Office 365 email security better integration of products (why a OneDrive for business in parallel with another OneDrive? why a different company Skype to Skype?) Why the ClickOnce Office products are not compatible with the office standalone products?
"Seamless" migration to Windows 10 is for something...
When your gateway 'ForeFront Security' leaves go a new virus to mail, and only a few days after, following numerous calls to the support, you update the virus definitions for beings able to block, it would be advisable to provide for a complete scan of mailboxes to ensure that no other mailbox still contains this virus... Your competitors do it, why not you?... Security is a need
clarity on the definition and the level of quality of software embedded or in the OS: example anti Microsoft virus: what is exactly and how is positioned t - it screws screw from its competitors?
sense of a greater openness to competing technologies and a more effective listening to the users needs
Lighter bones. good follow-up products. New tools interesting
A clearer license management
Technical support (call center) free and accessible french 7 days a week for clients like me who are not specialists or geeks.
More efficient hotline
Windows 10 quality Surface Book Pro innovation
release a decent skype for business client on Mac. the state of lync 2011 on Mac is NOT acceptable.
make your licensing less convoluted. even your own representatives are unable to provide clear answers in more complex licensing discussions.
desirability of products. Apple phones and laptops are highly desired by my users.  stability of IOS and OSX compared to Windows and Windows Phone.  industrial design.
The price of licences blocks Microsoft product purchase in enterprises and some abandon Microsoft ao profile of solution free less but expensive less efficient. Review the policy permits students because young people know more Microsoft products and it's the decision-makers of tomorrow.
There were efforts on Windows 10 to make it practical and intuitive, although the same job to do the tools of development Visual studio etc.
be more attentive to companies. Relations are different between SMEs and the cac 40 company or administration.
Policy licensing very complicated and not easy to understand or even apply. Tariff to make effort
A licensing system and a clear communication towards the customer.
A better Hotline
Development and the efforts in support and listening to its customers.
N/A. As a recognized association of public utility we have don's licence programs and go through them for our purchases.
A real both commercial and technical contact that is a real support for our Organization.
Visual Studio 2015 and Azure Web App
New azure and Visual Studio 2015: Bench, TFS with Agile new Tests.
You should not put restrictions on certain countries because in the country or I am (GABON) some Microsoft solutions are not allowed yet we use solutions like everyone else.
because I managed to sell Microsoft solutions to customers
It is best in its field of activity
All products stable and reliable easy to deploy
Windows 10 and the principle of a free update is the best evolution!
MS is manifestly trying to find more and more ways to make customers pay for their products forever, instead of just paying once. It is also trying to take control of the PC more and more, leaving less and less control to the PC's actual owner.
On the reliability of the products!
Without comments
Improving the reliability of these products
Improve the stability of these products and its costs
Without comment
rates
The increase in tariffs each year with increases that may be greater than 10% is completely unjustified
Stop raise prices of these software that are not suitable for SMEs.
Support is available in French, the trade policy change not all year and prices particularly adapted to SMEs
direct relationship with customers
problems with certain products.
?
Too many simplification, menus simplify maximally from versions 8 and 10, removes the asset from a PC, this complicates the use of applications for my part.
In general, my time for some Audits Expert of management of development strategic and forward-looking deployment to the Theatre of Operations external, tariff is 8 k/hour. I will not here reveal for free my observations and my conclusions. A few hundred shares at administered registered shares, could pay this contribution to integration way sticky matrix SWOT. Christian DESHMUKH - 813-924-297-00019 Siret
As already explained, significantly increase the number of shares already held, for a unit price of $47.51 - Oct 16, 2015, 7:59 pm, or roughly 200 shares/h apply to Satya Nadella, possibly, for whether it is in agreement.
technical documentation quality and they are very often translated into french. Quality of the shift of security (lack sometimes a grouping of these shift during a new installation = windows 7 more 200 shift to pass). Damage there is always this complexity on licences.
Amazon kindle
the operation, in general, for this site, which satisfies me fully
M ABSEILING MORE
Book
Purchase on auction site
Premium
Kindle
Book
the website
Sitemap
DVD
internet sale
Sale
Premium
purchase book shipped and received very quickly
Amazon premium
purchase
ordering and delivery of books
Purchase of technology products and Blu - ray
DELIVERY PREMIUM
delivery in 1 day
Book
Standing on the site
Kindle
A COOLING LAVOLTA LAPTOP PLATE
the site which is great, a huge selection, cheap and quickly delivered. a super VAS also
Books clothing
bpan
Amazon web services
purchasing service
NetBook kindle
appliance
DK
Book
books
kindke
books on amazon
TOYS CHILDREN
video game
Sitemap
AMAZON KINDLE TRAVEL
purchases
usb key
a camera
A student book
AMAZON PORTAE
NULL
NULL
the command on their website
Bookstore
purchase
the site in it even
Order on Amazon
about
Makeup
plenty of things are less expensive
purchases
books
Online shop
Order something found difficult elsewhere on the site
Book
BOOKS
the cover phone
NON
variety of products
Download music
Purchase of footwear clothing
Kindle
Sitemap
site internet amazon.fr
CD
their after-sales service
pants
NULL
tubing
VIDEO GAMES
reviews and free shipping service
A video games on sale at amazon
I know more
nil
Tablet
Sitemap
NULL
NULL
FIFA 16
The Amazon customer service.
bezel wc, and product usage
fast delivery
Kindle
Remote control
NULL
None
buy on amazon.fr
online sale
Kindle
NULL
about
iPod
iPhone 5 s
iPhone
iphone6
iPhone
mini iPad, iphone
IPad
i pad and such
iPhone 5 c
None
iPhone
IPAD
I PAD
IPhone
IPhone
IPhone
IPHONE
iPhone
IPhone 6
iPhone
Tablet
iPhone 5
Accessories
mini iPad
MOBILE PHONE
Iphone6
IPhone
a laptop
The smartphone and tablets
IPad
Tablet
iPhone 6
iPad and iPhone
iPhone
iPhone
IPad
iPHONE
RAS
iPad
iPhone
iphon
iPod
iPhone
iPhone
IPhone 6
SMARTPHONE
iPhone
Tablet
Apple Tablet
iPad Air
iPad smartphone
i phone
mobile phone
iPhone
giygb
music
IPHONE
iPhone 6 S
Tablet
iPad
portable
MAC OS X YOSEMITE
The cloud
Google translation
GMAIL
Android
NULL
GOOGLE CHROME
toutatice
GOOGLE CHROME
chromebook
Android for the phone
search engine
Research
r
SEARCH DIVERSE
Google play
The operating system.
Google play
I know more
Google Calendar
chrome
phone
application
rapideo
Google him even
Search engine
Application of communication
Maps
Research
engine search
bezel
GOOGLE GOGGLES
DK
Research
search engine
Google Maps
Research
Android
Google more
Google chrome
Google app
application
Gmail drive
GOOGLE MAPS
search engine Smartphone
smarphone
VOICE SEARCH
STORAGE PHOTOS
applications
Google more
DK
Google earth
Google now
drive
remember more
No memory
COMPUTER
Google chrome, google
Google Drive
Android
Google chrome (search engine)
chromecast
maps,
software
Google play
Google Maps
Tablet nexus 7
googlze
exceptional search engine
search engine
Google map
software
search engine
search engine, which is better than all the others I know
maps, earth, search, mail... etc
its search engine
ENGINE SEARCH
Google map
Google photo
Google calendar drive
maps
Google map, streetview
Android
Gmail
RAS
Google Chrome
leboncoin
outlook email
NULL
Windows 10
controllers Xbox
services10
PORTABLE COMPUTER
tabellete
Windows 10
Tablet and computer
Pack office
Windows
software
Windows 10
simpler
microsoft account
PC
PC
Services10
NULL
WINDOWS
Portable
microsoft software
a pc
Games
Office 360
Windows 10
surface
Windows 10
Nokia lminz
Windows seven
A pc with microsoft
operating system
Lenovo
a computer
MICROSOFT 10
Window 7
Windows 10
Xbox one
WINDOQS 7
The xbox 360
RAS
Windows 10
portable pc
a comp
operating system
PC
Windows 10
Windows 10
Outlook
what serves me on the computer from microsoft
applications
Windows 10
Word 2010 Nokia Lumia 925
Microsoft it even
Tablet
Windows 10
the microsoft Lumia
Windows
Windows 10
Windows 10
Windows
Windows
Windows store
Microsoft 2016
software
WINDOWS 10
WINDOWS 8
win10
Tablet program
Windows 7
open office
services10
v
software
Wireless mouse
COMP
Windows 10
Windows 10
A smart phne
Windows 10
Windows 10
W7
surface
640xl
computer
Bing
COMPUTER
their office suite
Microsoft AX
PC
Xbox One
Windows 10
Windows 10
COMPUTER
NOKIA
Direct X 12
I recommended my microsoft Tablet
W7
Nokia
Desktop software
COMPUTER
dfz
computer
Excel
Windows 10
DK
software for pc
Windows 8
NULL
3 surface
NULL
Pack office
Windows 81
Microsoft 8.1
Windows 10
know more
Office
software
application
Cool
win 10, office
surface
about
effiace
software
gujhln
Microsoft office 365
software
computer
Windows 10
RAS
Windows 10
kjk
computer
WINDOWS 10
computer
Xbox one
Suite word
A tablet pc under windows
Smartphone
MICROSOFT SURFACE
PC
Windows
Windows 10
None
tablet surface
surface pro
a computer
computer
Tablet
NON
NULL
Telephone, TV
Purchase of their last Tablet
NULL
TV
NULL
SMARTPHONE
curved TV
NON
phone
a phone
a smartphone
Galaxy Note 4
Tablet
Photo
MOBILE PHONE
Samsung galaxy
Samsung Galaxy
mobile phone
portable
Samsung s3
Mobile phone
equipment (tv, etc.)
phone
TV, computer screen
NULL
S6
Phone
TV
portable
Galaxy
computer
Samsung galaxy s5
S5
Tablet
COMP
Samsung galaxy tab Tablet 4
gfregtzeg
GJ
such a portable
The galaxy
Tablet
mobile phone
RAS
GALAXY
SMARTPHONE
all
Tablet
samsung ultra HD TV
Smartphone
Tablet
A SMARPHONE
Tablet
SMARTPHONE
the Samsung galaxy
telephone, hi fi
Galaxy S6
Phone
smarphone
Smartphone
SAMSUNG S4
TV
Mobile phone
Mobile phone
Galaxis tab
a smarphone
Samsung edge
smarphone
the products correspond to my expectations and are stable
No it has always responded to my requests
By performing a simple and clear offer for licensing
Good evolution of the cloud offer
Engage with the regulations applicable to the schools in France
Mainly on the commercial offer
Licensing rates are not available easily, providers have trouble clarifying. Clarity and transparency would be welcome
too complicated to have the good technical contact in the event of concern
better readability
avoid changing too quickly, it is time lost for the company, when it is particular to explain back its global operation
presentation by the former of the new and brief the new before launch in the circus
do not do like Apple, leave decision at the company rather that require
Microsoft products have always corresponded to the needs of my company and I was well accompanied by the commercial and technical team
More proximity on the contractual and technical aspects.
Decline in a very concrete way operational application licensing contracts.
More contact and proximity to the Microsoft sales teams
To keep the same sales account person
take care of their customer
Parce que nous changeons de commercial trop souvent
Do not be remplace for few months
Choix entre Réseau social dans SharePoint et Yammer
Je ne l'ai pas encore rencontré
An approach centred on the Cloud from the beginning including pricing: of the true on-demand. Ease of implementation of the Cloud
Ne plus changer de commercial et arrêter de changer systématiquement le mode de licensing
Nous sommes renvoyé systématiquement sur des liens, et des liens, ...... trop d'information tue l'informations Sachant que c'est sur internet donc cela peut changer à tout moment et ce n'est pas rassurant
Having salespeople who know their products and which do not explain what the product can do while not at all and that must be developed in specific what was to be native... Have better communication between pre-sales and project implementation team (inclu
Freaks encryption of the pre-sales (found and recognized by the Microsoft Project delivery teams) ignorance of products Microsoft proven partitioning between sale and delivry project team (no communication) lack of flexibility on the Contracting
Microsoft is recognized as a Publisher and manufacturer. Unfortunately the services part is far from level: too expensive for a level of service equivalent to Ssii (your structure costs are too high and your business model is not optimized)
Good overall quality tools and service. There are however points at ameliroer
I wish that Microsoft is more engine to push us to implement the functionality already acquired but not yet deployed.
Camille's departure has seemed a bit hasty... it is important that the new party are well aware of the client context before the departure of the predecessor.
Improve the administration consoles (ex: dsa.msc or CASD have an interface to review) more flexibility to allow a review the downward of the E3 limited licences give the number of managed clients resp. of Cpt that they can meet the expectations with a goo
Excellent trade relations and very good support in projects
Quality of the products, support of the Microsoft teams
Simplify and unify many administration portals (AZURE V1, V2, Office 365)
An effort must be made to simplify the contractual - technical - administration portal the multitude of contract type that much change is very difficult to follow (CIS/EAP, AE, etc...). Declaration and allocation of the licences procedures is too complica
SQL server support
The relationship is already very satisfactory in recent years, including the last current EA contract.
Quality of Windows 10 which is in improvement over previous versions of Windows
Plan meetings more frequent and more regular
compared with our experience of our infra digital mitigation, it was easier to achieve on the infra Amazon and much too complicated (failure) on Azure
Simplification of the licensing model, adaptation of the licensing requirements client
Company listening to its customers
The tools are reliable gobalement and adapted, however best bridges between the various tools of the office pack could be significant
Facilitate the interopabilite of solutions by facilitating complementarity between "on premize" and cloud capacity services to take into account the specificity of the client in the Cloud contracts.
The quality of support
The software is very good. The evolution of the products is very satisfactory. First support is very good. Trade relations are very good
Integrate licensing system center in the price of the VM to use. Having to buy licences system center for VMs that it starts only a few days per year questioned the economic interest of Azure.
Integrate System center licensing costs to the use of the VMs on Azure
The quality of the workshops
The products are very pros and also commercial follow-up
The licensing at Microsoft is extremely complex. I should really simplify the readability of all programs on a majority of your products
be in contact with its customers by all modern means
This is the 3rd time I'm answering this type of questionnaire and you promise me that Microsoft qq will contact me and nothing happens
too many problems on the operation of office 365 on W 10
simple tools to use
-take into account the opinion of its customers - contact and customer to improve relations - innovation = take what is best in the market and improve it - innovate this isn't about questioning - innovate less by improving the quality
We are not sufficient or missing information lost between licensing SA and office 365...
very good recativite and listen our contacts
An orientation more open on Linux and VmWare
Amazon S3 is a de facto standard. Microsoft doesn't have this weight and does not give the standards.
New features: Power BI...
HDS health data hosting certification
Simplifying products and services
Have a simple software that are not perpetual developing in a finished Word!
Simplify
IOS
Finished products! Simplest products!
Products tailored to our needs - good partnership relationship in place between Microsoft and my company
clairifier licensing
Improve the management of contract in volume Web sites
By simplifying licensing policy which is absolutely incomprehensible
stop more complex products to compel people to spend time to learn how to use these products, which makes captive users of microsoft products
Microsoft provides useful products but in fact disappear others (visual foxpro example) yet very useful for purely mercenary reasons: to sell more and more expensive other less efficient products
I am not interested in the fact to export my data outside my company
Microsfot license policy is incomprehensible and forces the client to waste time without being certain of having made the right purchase at the right price...
Restart the Visual Foxpro tool
I remember specifically, I just remember that I lost time
License policy is incomprehensible.  As a DSI I expect of a supplier that it simplifies me life, not that it the complicated me oversimplification.
overall, I am satisfied with the relationship with Microsoft and proposed products
the policy even Microsoft, which tends to replace the purchase of perpetual licenses by a simple subscription to renew annually
solutions that meet the needs
Allow to have a better visibility of the costs associated with Azure where the customer has an enterprise agreement
Orientation-platform accelerated
The use is at the centre of the approach
Better management and faster Mac
good evolution of products
Written communication / meeting
A roadmap by use case / technos simpler
Best contact and in direct exchange with the Microsoft teams.  It is important to have this direct contact
It is difficult to be accompanied by Microsoft through the classic delivery. We are forced to pass through heavy contracts and expensive not necessarily suitable for our issues.
Media contracts are interesting but little adapted to specific issues requiring action in the form of classical performance at the day. The rate of the account manager and more important benefits in it even
We had no business contact for 18 months at least
-Being more clear on the licensing policy, - being easier to contact in case of technical problem, - be more responsive in the event of technical problems
The list of possible answers seems oriented. It is either "Very satisfied" or "somewhat satisfied". If "Satisfied" had been possible, it is the value that would have been chosen. We are not "very satisfied" for the following reasons:-in the event of techn
More transparent management of licenses decrease costs transparency on information that are uploaded automatically to Microsoft without the knowledge of the user access to technical support
Opaque licensing policy
Regular meetings (visits, presentations,...)
The MS Value Licensing site does not reflect not the reality of licenses acquired by my organization. The MS Sales or support department know how to correct the problem.
Equipment
The portal does not list my recent licenses purchased by 2015. I arrived in 2012 in my organization. How to be sure that certain licenses acquired prior to my arrival have not been forgotten?
commercial and technical monitoring effective
contact quality with our correspondent.
Best trade with the pre-sales (example: Office 365). Very good follow-up to our commercial who knows how to move towards the right contacts. Implementation of a Premier Support contract.
No new measure. Continue to be available and relevant.
Seriously reconsider its costs downwards by volume
The cost of the upgrades or the SA limited developments in the Park. Especially for Office.
alleviating contracts, make them more readable.
The last appointment with Mr Guy Fournier our new account manager seems to bode well for the rest of our partner relationship.
newly arrived, I could answer this question in more detail in the next survey.
taking account of our entity as a "partner" in the coming months.
Products and services of qualifications
the skills of stakeholders
skills and speed
point of regular meetings
business relation
10 developments Windows AZURE
Why not propose formulas "Quick Start"?
Better integration of solutions.
Access to beta programs.
Occupying more land and better managing the transversality in its midst. Sometimes several interlocutors for the same subject sometimes none on important topics. Sometimes several for an answer to a question pure microsoft.
Better control over the network. Host all in France. Control coupling computer Telecom.
Better management of the commercial relationship.
Effective and innovative products. Stable trade relations and territorial presence effective and appreciated
Better proximity to the customer a new range of products around the cloud and Internet is found a strong opening is also more important
providing services more in line with my expectations
We have changed partners recently and the quality of the relationships continued. I am very satisfied
strengthen the commercial relationship / account premium contract management
propose new workshops
facilitate the reading of his guarantee of privacy of hosted data program
There was the impression of continuity and a good handover. There has been little interruption
transparency of trade
bring more flexibility and legibility in the licensing management. the directions taken around the cloud strengthens the right-of-way and the monopolistic dependence of the editor to its customers to be able to put them in financial difficulty because of 
We are a Community (public sector) and the licensing program is not always suitable.
(E) simplifying license agreements in volumes in particular to harmonize the dates of renewal of the.
Good relations with the account manager.
the arrival of a new commercial. The former commercial was good also, but the recovery period was not optimal
For the moment, we are very well accompanied.
more intuitive environment
Offer Cloud is too blurred especially in the decryption of the modes of subscription
I consider close monitoring of Microsoft account manager of the perfect for a Publisher, so the only measure to take is for me to continue this accompaniment and this presence that helps us very much in the digital transformation of Edenred phase
Apple has total control over its brand devices and therefore offers a bone most.
more transparency and more innovation
Help ERAMET to accompany her on the project by minimizing the impact resource and expertise in eramet.  Finding solutions responsive to pb of data to herberger in cloud security. Helping the cloud by demonstrators adoption
Having partners in france to the operate and the herberger
find innovation and King paths on our desk, we help make industry 4.0
clarity of relations research best solutions close to officials in nombreuxses opportunities to meet trade
very strong involvement of those responsible for our account to accompany us in the search for innovative solution with our trades (CRM, Digital, Marketins etc.) put has provision of effective ways on Paris for presenting solutions related with very good 
stability in licensing modes and rates adptabilite offers over competitors (Google, applel, SAP)
Software offering increasing individual and collective productivity within the company and in tune with the challenges of mobility
When choosing a Cloud solution for our messaging services, we had a particularly effective and relevant support to go to O365. On the other hand relations with the different TAM over the past 20 years + 1 contract have always been quality and trust relati
Best taken into account of the needs of the business, better communication.
Lots of new products appear regularly, which is very positive but can be disturbing.
Equipment
Make model license clair (SQL for example)
It should be a single point of contact for the customer.
Some products are well thought out, others less (example: OneNote)
Microsoft solutions brings the comfort and structure in developments .NET and SQL SERVER, server architectures are stable, innovative BI solutions in tune with customer needs requirements levels.
Being closer to the needs of its customers.
In-house training Power necessary BI and POC to conduct Supply Chain for forming beliefs
Being more present upstream of the project with the client.
Need to have concrete information in terms of exchange of data, and accommodation Protocol of data (cost and security)
Be at the level of its competitors.
Review its trade policies.
Have a commercial and technological partnership more accomplished within my company
The experts who manage our incidents are particularly effective.
Microsoft pushing its users to adapt to the conditions of use of Microsoft products, but Microsoft adapts not necessarily to all of the users needs. Share the fact, they may be tempted to go to the competition.
It is up to you to y think about
Being more access on listening to its customers on the increase of its market share
administrative management at Microsoft is very opaque and not controlled (example: management and monitoring of licences)
not applicable are due to the fact that notere Resp accounts comes to change.. .After several months without resp accounts
OS for inappropriate mobility to business requirements,
to say you we
little adaptable choice, constantly changing licensing modes
A follow-up scheduled and with a "stable" team a force of proposal (with knowledge of needs and activities) of my business...
More are expected for a society oriented to professionals. The impression of abandonment of clients business to the detriment of the general public, less physical contact and follow-up in time. (too much business in the process of direct purposes (of diff
More innovative, more open
Licensing mode too complicated and too changing in time.  Need to educate customers and "give good examples of" change of liensing impacting on the history (existing)
Products tailored for the corporate world but careful not to push the company on products without assurance of sustainability or development (UAG, SCSM...)
In a professional environment it is difficult to ask an employee to use his credit card to test the features Azure... Presentations around Azure Site Recovery are too often directed only on replication of VM but not on the entire ecosystem autour (how to 
Open a data center in France
Good recovery of existing, good knowledge of our context
The fact of not be left alone with a relay which ensured the transition effectively and speed of involvement of the new account manager
Optimization of support, processing times are sometimes a bit long. Some services appear to not always effective. For example after having run RAP is expected to have a stable platform with less incidents, and it is not always the case.
Far too long investigation
Innovative and evolving suitable for all products user level
Does not alter it is perfect! Available and very good advice
Having not tested Azure for now I do not know answer some of your questions, however we have planned to do a test soon.
Improve the level of the partners in the ERP area, because they sometimes have difficulties to follow developments. They should in my opinion be ultra-expert.
Communication and responsiveness
the different products are reliable in their output and they evolve over water. A your teams is monitored regularly your teams accompany us on the technology watch.
solution not yet tested so hard to answer.
can be an appointment with the old and the new account manager to make a smoother transition
Taking into account that a company may decide to buy most of its licences in OEM version without then having to be justified taking into account that the contract with SA are too expensive and so uninteresting if considering actually costs and the rate of
Stop mixing needs Microsoft imagine be those required for an individual with the needs of an enterprise, alone with its Windows operating system.  Stop mixing Windows for smartphone/Tablet and Windows PC.
Too many bugs in applications such as Office, that block our users (in particular with Outlook - switch mode without failure, or duplication of emails recently). etc. It does not stop... Where are past your phases of software testing before launching into
Remove patches that correct really bugs rather than generating new bugs. The time spent recent months to circumvent, correct the latter took us forever, not to mention the loss of time, therefore costs for users
Having managed for years to Select contracts, the latter have lost interest since you forced with Software Assurance. The final cost is too high... Which company wins to be always to the latest software version on all of its fleet, which company has the t
Mac versions that are on the level
I am user of Office for Mac. Well, overall I have the basic functions. On the other hand he y'a permanent and painful bugs: Lync malfunctions regularly, huge display bugs on Office (particularly powerpoint) making it use difficult and finally Outlook is n
Simplicity
Reference market - responsiveness of contacts
Functional offers
Simplification and transparency of licensing
one make you more fast
Reduce the price of licenses, simplifying contracts to make them understandable,
Excellent products, without bugs, ergonomic. However, too expensive and inappropriate in mobility.
Address the issue of health data hosting. Microsoft is not approved for health data hosting, does not seem to wish and will not be able to offer me its cloud services.
Too complicated to understand, even the commercial Microsoft does not include. We are obliged to go through a dealer that "translates". The rules change at any time, new strains appear, incomprehensible services become subject to licence. All too expensiv
Purchased products respond perfectly to the needs.
Not change me it is perfect.
hardware and data bases
a decrease in the acquisition of licenses and software assurance price.
Very close monitoring of Microsoft, which is also source of proposal for change and improvement through the service you have in the catalog
Windows 10 is heavy in administration for secure personal items. Defects of compatibility between the generations of Microsoft products. The power required to operate systematically Microsofts tools. THE systematic propagation of patch on Microsoft produc
Free availability of several solutions and software tools Innovations technological multi-domain (smart car, more ambitious R & D)
Evolution of politics and products. "universal" vision of products (WM / W10 / XBOX) which happens
Improved support with our account manager
Service: our community has been, in some way, "abandoned" by Microsoft for several years, despite several requests on our part... Since the arrival of Stéphanie Arnaud, we are really very well accompanied, on all our projects, its intervention is essentia
None. The current relationship is perfect, a professional sense advanced, exemplary availability. Change nothing
No, it already has what it takes to establish the best relations between Microsoft and our community... Since his arrival, she provided a remarkable work in relational terms, collection of need, we had many speakers on all our themes, and it helps us opti
More work on the concept of Cloud Hybrid. Necessarily integrated local and regional authorities, the hybrid solution exists on paper but seems complicated to deploy effectively.
Microsoft has already made...
-Upgrade of GSM in the surface and improve the mobile - update the OS keyboard problems sometimes... - tablets price a little high
We are currently working on a test of Microsoft solutions. We will see so if in fact it is better or worse.
-Improve the visibility of WM10, support by MDM solutions and the application store - still improve Continuum to make it capable of replacing some Notebooks
Tariff policy on the service
We are very satisfied with our account manager as well as all stakeholders that we had following the themes addressed... We continue to work with our Chief account in this sense very actively, it is very pleasant to work with these means...
More available, more listening and easier access to the "specialists"
More tuned
Stability but it remains to prove. Well diffused with my providers
The licensing system is complex, changes regularly and is not very flexible. It is too taxed
BE MORE CLEAR IN ITS LICENSING: TOO COMPLEX AND COMPLETELY NEBULEUX...
Microsoft has become a standard and essential at the level of the enterprise. Server and domain level, it is relatively easy to apprehend, Office Automation, such, level over most of the agent if using at home, this makes me save training costs. And Windo
Reliable product, evolving technology.
Support to improve.  URL filtering difficult to implement, not exhaustive list, impromptu Url change and without warning
AT THE HARDWARE LEVEL TABLET AND SMARTPHONE MORE INTERESTING
Make HyperV better VMWare improve filtering URL passages establish a DataCenter in France
A LICENSING MORE CLEAR AND A SUPPORT IN FRENCH
Our account manager has always been the maximum for answers to our questions, and this very reactive.
Stop regularly revise ways of licencing (as per Windows 2016 where licences will be based CPU cores).
It is important for Microsoft to understand our constraints and our issues. However it is necessary that Microsoft does not fall in the travers we explain what we do and we explain how to do our job.
Best commercial contact: closer and more open for 1 year.
I am overall satisfied with the level of response from my account manager. I'd like to just that our account managers be more perennial, after 1 or 2 years they change, it's too short.
The tariff. The diversity of the offer. The opening. The ability of disengagement.
License: do not change the rules ex: mandatory update services10 for the professionals. Project billing to the Core for Windows server. On the price of the first support and benefits Microsoft in General: days prices are much too high (1900 HT / day) this
persons competent and attentive in support and pre-sales Microsoft for Education.
more on listening to customers and their needs
features are online applications more rich, effective management of the cache of the browser (use in offline mode), not fat-client (office suite) to deploy, effectiveness of consoles for managing Google Apps for Works (or for Education)
attentive and relational
functional evolution of 365 with a real integration of components (no duplicates)
Quite a problem on the implementation of a project Azure
Selling it is well. After sales service is much more important.
Support must be more responsive in the event of a problem. Ensure the stability and reliability of the service.
The great system :)
Best presence, and do not change interlocutor regularly
When the commercial promises something, keep his promise.
Finally of stability.
precisely...
cloud the term is far too generic
more presence in Enterprise
It is still very complicated to understand the multiplicity of offers and points management is really too dark
We must simplify the different levels of licensing, and in particular the conditions for use of the software (billing by CAL, by heart, by processor, etc...). It should also reduce the intermediaries (or train them better).
The opening of Microsoft to other platforms, will propose improvements of way continues rather than by suddenly and switching to open source of several development-related products.
Licenses are complex to understand (CAL, billing by heart, by processor, on physical or virtual machine). On the other hand, type MSDN subscriptions to greatly overcome these issues (except production course).
stability and quality of technical solutions. quality of the accompaniment.  a caveat on billing who Bobbles a bit.
passage of relays organized knowledge adapted from the new charge accounts
improve internet sites Microsoft review the systems of licensing...
Licensing modes are always as complex...
Settle in my office?
Changing the principle of billing that I find obsolete.
maintaining the same quality of service
Receive a little less d satisfaction survey.
Lack of transparency on the licensing, all SMEs are not 'specialist' on this topic
Microsoft must reappropriate the business world and especially SMEs, consumer domestic software do not correspond to the expectations of businesses, Windows 10 example!
Very disappointed by the latest version of Windows 10, many bugs with the latest update! Microsoft products are less and less for professional use.  About Exchange Online Office365, lack of transparency on the availability of services.
Greater transparency on the availability of its Exchange online services (currently indicators remain very difficult to understand, furthermore they are not translated into french) no available through infra mixed private/Exchange Online O365 AD managemen
Improve its management and administration for the aircraft company example tools, there are still no administration console for the infra mixed private AD / Excahnge Online O365
More oriented final need that technology
Must return to the waiting business including SMEs, in the VMware image with VMware vSphere Essentials Plus solution economically very interesting
Nebula of licensing/services with Exchange online Office365 (company E1, Kiosk...)
With a longer follow-up of partners (Licensing, deployment)
the products improve. (W10, Lumia)
A licensing model simplified (CAL, EA,...)
Stop thinking money and license... why, for example, Sharepoint Foundation (unlicensed) disappears in favour of Sharepoint
Very good products but a complicated commercial offer. Licences, CAL, EA, Select...
the lifecycle of Microsoft software is too fast and more adapts to the speed of change in the company.
A simple, clear and transparent licensing model. A best value for money in some cases.
Strategy on interesting line, positioning of the devices on a high-end, real interest of the continuum
Have a Datacenter on french soil for the public organization
help me deploy my 1200 devices mode continuum for my building guards. Integration of emergency of the Citrix Receiver in universal applications
vertical products related to my profession (Tririga for example)
vertical products related to my job
Better knowledge of the products and their applications
"Come as you are" opening on the free Technologies implemented business practices
Deploy Power BI internally
Involvement to build solutions dedicated to the needs of our industry
I have recently access to licence Pro Plus it allows me to exploit new tools
more contact information more than support more near businesses
very good relational and good cooperation nothing to ask for more
None
Arrival of Windows 10
Propose simple migration tools of tenant to tenant
Exit Windows phone 10, finally!
Simplified management and auditing of licenses
I find very well mobile-PC convergence with a single operating system. I found quickly habit when I switch from PC to my windows phone (Lumia 640 10 Windows). Some improvements are still to be done, especially on the side of stability on the PC as updates
Develop a comprehensive and user-friendly MDM to more easily manage a heterogeneous fleet of mobile terminals.
Transparency on the licensing mode (especially for the small infra of less than 3 ECX) products adapted to the needs and expectation of a company
Microsoft should offer fully functional products and do not have to wait yet another update to get stable use. I am referring to Lumia 950 delivered with a frozen bone at its output. It's a shame because this hurts the image of Microsoft.
Further improve the transition to witnesses and the transfer of knowledge of the client. Too much time to re - introduce the client context. When the account key change all 6 months, it counts! Thank you all the same.
integrate a 4G modem in the 4 Surface, do not force the W10 bone on the Surface 4
We work collaboratively with MS teams projects
Simplify calculator of valorisation of the units of work of Azure train users in the administration of servers in the Cloud
We carried out a migration project of boxes to the letter O365. More missions of validation of architecture at the end of projects
Perform steps of support in the management of the Software Asset Management
Microsoft licensing mode and the basic units of license counts are complex, and varies very regularly. Office 365 licenses cover several times in the year of the additional contours it is difficult to be up to date in this case.
The transition is recent, we meet the new Director of account in1 week.
Making easier contact with a dedicated point of contact. Taking into account our requests with a lot of reactivity and very fast phone recall
No more car service and support sales team and account manager are already excellent quality on current and future projects
The price and the stability of its licence policy
Microsoft's long-term vision is difficult to understand, especially the part Windows 10 (Mobile)
The partners are behind the administration of Windows platforms and I think this is the lack of involvement of Microsoft
More responsiveness, communication and innovation
cordial and balanced relationship produced satisfactory...
make further progress, there is a path to be at the level of a microstrategy or BO.
Reactivity of the people surrounding us at Microsoft
offers more mature cloud (reliability, level of service)
A better return from the technical service in my administrators support.
NULL
Significant improvement in ergonomics, possibility to use it as a Tablet
recovery billing pack azure totally wrong and so repetitive, the accenture system is zero
Bugs too
More listening and availability
An improvements and a significant simplification of the licensing. All subscription me appears a viable solution. SAM audits and monitoring of licences is decidedly too complicated, expensive and time-consuming.
The first highly effective support team approach Windows 10 much more consistent (and reassuring) for companies that initiated with Windows 8
Continuity in the strategy of pricing of licenses (or failing ability to propose a financial leverage at the renewals of contracts agreement company)
Accompaniment on projects of migration to these Communication developments (and gains) solutions of new solutions
Positf: - overall stable Applications - functionality of the solutions: complete A improve: l accompaniment to solutions Microsoft (Office 365,...) and shared vision of new solutions
Simplicity supply and use, integration hardware / software
Simplification of licensing agreements
Still more features
I am very satisfied with Microsoft since I have the DSI (Manager) of BVA! Microsoft support BVA in its computer projects.
No because the relationship is very satisfactory
reduce the costs of licensing of PowerBI
simplify the calculation of operating costs of AZURE
MICROSOFT license prices
useful features are always in the premium licences and therefore with a price high. The basic licences don't offer interesting features
Relational good with effective Microsoft Applications teams but big disappointment following the failure of Microsoft exchange and more precisely synchronization with mobile; the duration of the blackout, nearly 2 weeks, has been very costly and heavily i
Our opinion is strongly impacted by the problems suffered on Exchange on Line current February 2016.
-no longer live a dysfunction than 2 h. - improve communication on the resolution of the incident - deploy the heavy client OneDrive for Windows 7!
Almost 2 weeks to resolve the dysfunction on Exchange OnLine; as these problems have impacted directly the main leaders. This event strongly undermined Microsoft with these decision makers.
More visibility on the ability of Microsoft products to meet our cross-cutting needs
Drop rates with regard to budgetary reductions of local authorities
The + Microsoft are related to the development of Surface hoping a version dedicated to education and the development of the Lumia range including...
Measures to be taken are not my account manager but Microsoft's overall strategy that does regulatory constraints of local authorities not French especially regarding the data storage in the cloud. The overall cost of use also be reviewed according to me.
Storage on the french territory respecting the French legislation
Reduce the costs of licenses
The cost reduction + taking into account rising information from account managers + storage cloud on french territory
Excellent products that are changing the landscape of new technologies
A large number of novelties that concretely improve productivity in the company and working groups
Have a medium who s interested in the problems of clients. Have a panel more significant quality integrtaeurs. Develop and implement additional licenses on Office 365
Missing even a few licences more realistic and closer to users. Example an Office 365 E2 with a suite license office "non pro"
simplification of licensing levels. too complicated so very difficult to understand I have a TAM, but I am regularly called by other Microsoft entities that do not even know my folder. It does not give a good image of your company
The desktop products remain good. collaborative products (lync, ondrive) are very good improvements are to produce SharePoint including at the level of performance and speed
dysfunctions that I meet with Microsoft are not the responsibility of my TAM.
This is a subject that I have not yet dealt with end etail with my TAM. It was introduced to me but I have not yet evaluated in detail the possibilities of the cloud
the simplification of the licensing mode. the improvement of support O365
additional services (e.g. ADRAS)
excellent accompaniment in my projects of restructuring on IT
RAS, everything is perfect
SIMPLIFICATION OF LICENSING!
Avoid too high frequency of product versions simplify the licensing
I am against the Cloud
Reduce costs decrease the frequency of new versions remain On Promise. If the Cloud becomes mandatory, us favoring Microsoft.
Too complicated, too binding.
More contact and customer reconciliation
Invitations at Microsoft for presentations of new products or solutions
The Microsoft offer is highly generalist in order to apply to all. But more operational involvement in order to adapt to the needs of companies of smaller sizes (smaller projects). Create partnerships to reduce the costs of links (FO, SDSL,...) because th
Propose tablets Surface, communicate more on MS mobiles, propose collaborative tools whose costs are lower (with less features) by promoting the WebRTC
A physical meeting of transfer account in order to not be waiting for the contact of the new interlocutor
Offer bricks in its products in order to meet the needs of businesses. Lync for example is a powerful and comprehensive tool but the costs can be high because the companies do not need all of the features
more openness and cloud
Good procurement records
The arrival of Windows 10 and Continum strengthens the place of Microsoft in technological innovations
I know not yet sufficiently the offer in response to the question relating to the cloud
The strategy cloud with the steady arrival of new content on this platform. Awesome! Hold the rhythm
Excellent product quality, monitoring of proximity to very high level!
Give more info on SPS 2016
Stability of these products
capitalization, new shares, continuity on a level of exceptionally good and efficient follow-up
Continue!
The commercial direction France is agile in its approach and listening to the customer
Lack of accompaniment of the customer and our integration partners for phases of POC performed forward sale
API Openstack on Azure
Opening on other worlds (IOS,...)
Delete the commitment of consumption but to set up a payment for consumption
Clearer vision of the strategy, more coherence of supply product, attention to the customer's need and the use that is made of Microsoft products
Proactive communication on the part of my Microsoft contacts and partners. Good listening and relevant back with solutions. Good visibility for future growth.
The license system remains very complicated.
The hardware maintenance
right products at the right price
Simplify Licensing and especially the portal's for managing them.
When there is a support request, our business needs are considered. We cant use SharePoint as a ww company.
Cloud Products are evolving rapidly and with quality. Disappointed with SharePoint speed, and the support telling us that slowness from Kuala Lumpar is by design !  Strategy to use OneDrive for Business was a disaster since the sync client is so bad  Bill
Allow more access to Azure for discovery of its features and functionailty (i.e. Free for testing)
Integrate Yammer better with Sharepoint
functionally
Help us to generate more leads
Opening a data center the territory french, submitted the French legislation with the O365 services, as it is currently lack that we are losing customers.
availability of stakeholders, better identification and understanding of the internal organization. Faster lead intake.
A real desire to transform to listen to the market and its customers
better business relationship and common action plan
Dominique Gautier in a real close relationship, adapted to the context, proactive and efficient.
Actor recognized for years in virtualization
Partnership concluding that Société Générale (Michel Perron and Marie-Claude Marie-Joseph
The dynamism and represented during the Build 2016 questions demonstrate awareness of future issues and the means implemented to offer ideas and innovative technologies
Accelerate business by continuing and amplifying current initiatives.
More support, more programs
Very good accompaniment.
Overall, the offers are adapted to large market trends. Even if it means making choices that could appear as contre-natures for MS (Redhat in Azure, for example), but which are actually inspired by an adaptation desired and principled to current and futur
Frequent presence
Very good follow-up of the alliance manager
It holds 80% of virtualized servers. It has a technological advance in large groups.
Being closer to my business than Microsoft strategy
Just listen to our needs rather than unilaterally imposing a strategy
Good reactivity of our partner Secretary
To allow clients to evolve on the basis of its business solutions that evolve as fast as Microsoft technologies.
More compensation on the transactional
Julien Courtois very good PAM, just like Valérie Gelperowick the arrival of the CSP, positive developments Azure, etc.
Easy licencing More margin for partners, less subject to personal Incentive team decisions
Incentives more better remuneration of the best technical support on Office 365 services
Less change of contact person. Too many not necessarily appropriate interlocutors
Listen to its customers, listening to its partners, and develop reliable products! New Microsoft products show very large gaps in terms of stability. They are less stable and too many bug fixed.
MS people are more proactive to solve our problems and inform us.
New dynamic with our new PSE SMS & P and BDM EPG since July 2015.
Less follow-up, interlocutor which changes too often
Make real efforts on the quality and the quality monitoring. Refocus the centre of interests of Microsoft products.
We invite to lunch more often :-)
Certify before sales
Alignment of the strategy of alliance to the needs of my company and not that of VMWARE
Difficulties in finding adequate resources and responsive in terms of skills for the mission s. ineffective Engagement Manager
Exit Windows Server 2016 and Microsoft Azure Stack quickly...!
Be more tuned to the partners.
The opening to open source, accessible versions of products (visual studio community)
-Establishment of consulting for a better understanding of the SQLServer - accompaniment on the Beta Azure Stack product - weekly monitoring of the developments listed our needs MIcrosoft
Strong commitment of France and Corporate teams
much better products, admittedly more expensive, System center
-Sharing of knowledge on SQL Server - pooling skills - research of architecture
Listen to our returns and integrate our feedBacks in systemcenter
The quality of the products, innovation, and the quality of the partnership
simplification and unification of different portals, incentive systems, ett...
Professional
She is perfect
More technical training on Azure
more proximity than before
Currently: Very strong investment and very high reactivity
-Innovative Cloud strategy
Dedicated OAM visits more regular sending of a regular follow-up on our performance
We are very satisfied with our account France and Ireland managers but Microsoft must give them more ways to more effectively accommodate us. We also wish to have a point of contact directly to US because we lose time on specific topics, an organizational
Interlocutors
A relationship better, better punctuated by crossing points, more engaged, more listening, Exchange and return
The problem we face is time spent due to lack of support on the management of the different administrative consoles: 365, Azure, MPA...
providing a flow chart for resources available spar technology for partners, these resources must be sharp
Visibility roadmap, most visible provision of promotions, output products, ads... Consolidation of changes,
Available training and level of access to competent persons, Microsoft has become a supplier who hides behind the emails or CLT
accompaniment on the contractual impacts for the activation and implementation of the cloud through the client console services
perfect
VERY GOOD FOLLOW-UP TO OUR PAM
Excellent PSE
Continue on a proxilite and accompanying implentation
Cover reinforced
More involved upstream partner in the sales cycle
Propose specialists interlocutors by product, controlling the solution but also its implementation
review his fairies
Simply increase the fairies on indirect contracts
Continue to offer fulfilling our MS interlocutors working conditions so that they continue to be enthusiastic
Quality of interlocutors of less good loss of offers down significantly the level of knowledge of the Microsoft side speakers
Our PSE is always present and tries to help us even if the subject does not depend on its scope.
always reports and feedbacks of qualifications
BECAUSE I changed to lar
the remuneration of the LSP decreases, and own the PHLS market will soon open to all resellers not certified.
Quality & attractiveness of the products / account manager (PAM) exceptional / technological developments
Visibility offers, incentives, means of accompaniment
Everything is fine
models d accompanying specific for activation of services online in particular (MVLS, VLSC, Portal Office 365) lack competence rated Microsoft France on the mastery of these portals that are at the centre of the use and collect 95% of the frustrations cus
Persist in R & D
maintain a base of products and contracts specialist contacts that can solicit more simply
Being supported by his superiors and nevertheless be able to remain fair and objective
much too late interaction
reactivity of team MS Services France
increase the collaborative approach around the pragmatic adoption of solutions (including their implementation in a manner very)
Improvement of the partner portal AZURE
Much more Marketing investment in resource and budget in order to accompany these strategic reseller (you feel a drastic decline lately)
Allow partners to be recognized at fair value by increasing significantly the % of incentive
VERY GOOD FOLLOWED BY JULIEN COURTOIS
VERY GOOD FOLLOW-UP
continuity of the excellent current monitoring
The quality of the relationship with the PSE
positive relations with the Microsoft partners 2volution
2volution of the Cloud, actions of the responsible partner offer
It is already very active and relevant.
Continue to accompany us on the same dynamic.
Complexity of the MPN progammatique
Implement a program of fairies on Dataplatform
Small attentions, and help at the administrative level MS
The granularity of rights in the vsphere vcenter. No granularity at Microsoft.
internal tools that work. And much less administrative. PSX, Portal Azure DPS with an insane number of steps on the client side and provider reminders to change an address of Bank with validation on a web portal while nothing has changed, etc...
Very good partnership with our new PSE, Dominique Gautier
My integration at vNext is going very well and it is largely thanks to the people at MS and the relationship of trust established.
best commercial follow-up by our Microsoft partners.
+ claire
that the person spends in our premises
Allow us to work together on medium-sized files and not just big.
Good support for Mr Brugalat
Support and business training on the new cloud offerings
Mainly thanks to the quality of our interlocutor
Perfect
Commercial terrain-following
Our Microsoft contact is very effective to bring us answers to our needs
Our Microsoft contact is present and responsive
Help us to improve our margins. Send more lead in order to consolidate our partnership and trust each other.
By adopting a clear and stable policy on its Licensing Office 365.
Listen to the opinion of its partners and really taken into account.
Relations have deteriorated since already several months and nothing seems to react with Microsoft.
Our interlocutors (François Dalmaz and Anaïs Hashimoto) are always listening and always present to help us, regardless of our demands.
It is doing all it can. The problem lies further up in the hierarchy.
the ease of use of some software
Taking account of the opinion of its partners.
Training in provinces
A good interaction with account teams (AM, ATS and SSP) one TPAM tuned better visibility of the offer with the arrival of Office 365, the Cloud Azure
A review of overall account every 3 months with teams of the commercial Department an event between C2S and Microsoft at least once per year on the basis of the valid business plan together between Microsoft and C2S account teams
Greater evangelism of the partnership program in different forms (videos type selfcare,...)
Microsoft France gave US the opportunity to we positioner on new topics, such as Azure IoT Suite. A logical evolution of our core business.
Further contacts with the operational
Reduce the time needed to handle the various Microsoft sites related to the program MPN.
better support marketing, promising new technologies
provide Skype in click-to-run under the SPLA, to be compatible with Office 20166/365
have a version of Skype company click to run for our SPLA offer
Our Counsellor Commercial talent Jean-Sébastien BRUGALAT
It's been several years that we are a Microsoft partner and we are very happy with our exchanges.
top thanks
None. everything is perfect
increase our margin
SQL on Linux, advanced Azure
Updated layout tools amplified & good sales representative
More outreach and follow-up.
Invest more on partners: with more events in the region, more marketing tools, more than proximity. The Microsoft sales generated by our society in recent years has ceased to increase however our advantages in both as a Gold partner, made that be reduced 
We have a good commercial follow-up however the Microsoft investment towards its partner it largely deteriorated in recent years.
Increase responsiveness and quality of technical support (tickets remains unanswered for several days and this despite our reminders). Being closer and more listening to the smaller partners. Put advantage resources for pre-sales assistance on rights of u
strategy of Microsoft customers and partners is evolving in the right direction
Open policy more in tune with the expectations of our customers
work on uses
Work the user experience, make certain uses
I did not say that? I said "unchanged"
many more telephone relationship and reactivity
well accompanied
better follow-up of our partnership
good relationship with the sales team - implentation 365 understood and consistent
a actively work to communicate on the serious difficulties that we met on a new tenant Office365 or support was only recognise the difficulties without giving to so many deadlines for resolution only a common communication allowed to retain the client - w
less promo or a more stable - it n is not for us the best way to adopt the technology to customers! on 365 - some platform technical malfunctions had an impact that deserved a clearer customer communication - we have lost hundreds of potential on this inc
Commercial follow-up
-Regional follow-up by a commercial land and a technical pre-sales for the technical teams - provision of business leads - joint response on folders - Lobbying - joint seminar with marketing for events with the Park budget customers and prospects - lunche
Follow-up field with a pre-sales and implementation implementation of a strategy to offer Office 365
more reactivity. Very good follow-up of partners
to change the licensing mode. Review SPLA
good followed good marketing delay for too short training planning tools
transform ONE drive in GOL with a few more features
Very good commercial (reactivity, listening, availability...)
The appointment of a dedicated point of contact
It is difficult to do better, the relationship is therefore unchanged
At our level, be a partner managed and have an official partner to help our 4 business
Best in ease to join our interlocutor (Jean Sébastien) and obtained answers
Best daily companion for all requests
I am satisfied with this relationship,
Linking every 15 days in addition to the usual work
continue like this. Always reply to the requests, it is very nice!
Being closer to the partners
Being closest partners
not quite close partners
business relation
Presence field
Partner relationship
Model very organized to make successful partners in a win-win relationship. Our contacts have understood our strategy and accompanies us in the success of the partnership with privileged contacts including the Direction of the Channel level (Olivier Lanil
For the moment we are very satisfied with the relationship and the efficiency/reactivity of our telepartenaire. We will now want to accelerate on the development of the business with our Psellers tracks / all assistance to help us develop the business wil
More supply business on the IOT, Bigdata and Dev mobile apps
Excellent follow-up and a real commitment on the part of those who follow us.
Increasing our income
We found a real contact (François Dalmaz) that really helps us in our business opportunities with clients
We contact us regularly so no further to propose :-)
Allow us to keep our François DALMAZ contact over the next fiscal years. The sales team has confidence, which is not the case by other publishers, and especially as a leader, he has helped us increase our CA, while developing knowledge on certain products
Microsoft does not put us in competition with offerings that it offers on the Microsoft.com site would be nice especially for Office 365 offers
lots of things!
Because we have the support of François Dalmaz!
Accelerate SharePoint and fix OneDrive for business. Simplify Azure invoicing, 
Office 365 pricing and ease of use, deployment and tracking. However Azure remains complex and opaque. Also extrememly concerned about the unilateral changes such as Changing the Hyper-v CPU/Core Licensing and forcing a change from Office E4 -> E5
Microsoft fills his delay on new technologies regularly in overtaking its competitors, what pérennises investments (convergence of Microsoft solutions).
Regular and constructive exchanges with the Microsoft teams on the mid-term perspective / long term
Reduce the cost of access solutions for Office 365 and Cloud type for midsize companies (1000 persons)
Proposal and accompaniment on a Dynamics AX ERP solution
Nothing in particular for 6 months.
Technical support and incident management.
Licence contracts are far too complex and cause much misunderstanding and trade issues. Make it simple!
Solve problems in acceptable times
Overall satisfied but recurring problems for several years on activation Licensing Office 365 and experiences rather mixed with the Surface Pro 3 and 4.
Accelerate on the real issues: ERP in the cloud, etc.
No example.
Incredible complexity of licensing structures. A customer-oriented company must be very clear on what it sells.
Qualitative support
Always excellent exchanges with various Microsoft interlocutors that I was led to meet. Feeling of being an important customer despite the fact that we are an SME and commercial team did our utmost to respond to my requests.
Attend standard training... in cloud-based programs!
equivalent
True quality Cloud support outside the first bracket. It is not possible to continue to have a valid basis for a company that has 3 licenses and mode full which is expensive and still more colorful On-Premise...
Reducing the cost of licences :-)
The price for additional purchases in high volume, and this in from out the phases of renegotiation
Our Microsoft partners, are always available. The human or technical resources they find to help us are always useful. excellent working relationship.
Very good follow-up to our contacts at Microsoft
I do not see. It already puts a lot of energy to accompany us.
My dissatisfaction with Google is based on experience dating back to 3 years, the tools have evolved since.
Windows 10
Absence of as/400 solution
the products are reliable, very good business relation
To propose exactly the same interfaces but version private cloud hosted in the datacenter of the companies. Provide encryption of all documents that are stored on the cloud.
Facilitate the deployment of solutions and integrate all the possibilities of personalization in graphical interfaces to avoid the powershell.
the accommodation must be on the national territory
the Windows phone must have a range of wider application.
part networking and security software
the integration of contract first in company contracts.
be available and to listen, propose appropriate solutions and dimenssionees
too rigid to the use of the products, too many crash system
It is based on open source
ease of access
Because some of your products do not satisfy me, I am disappointed by Windows 10 for example, which from my point of view, brings nothing but more adds a significant number of bug in any genre.
The Microsoft offer is too segmented. A side the licencing of the other 'big' work. The perverse effect that results from this method of tying is the increase in costs linked to the partners who come to piggy back on the various projects, this duo works p
There is no problem of management.
Between very expensive Surface tablets and a really rotten Windows 10 and tasteless, it gets more and more complicated.
Its solutions are cheaper and simpler to use
A bone has the extent of your cloud services and less bugs. You rush too much out of incomplete programs.
Have a simplified way of management and an advanced emergency mode
Change the model price of the first contract
good evolution of the quality/price ratio
strong momentum on O365
RAS, stay on this momentum
provide comprehensive and integrated services
power customize Yammer
Because the commercial was able to respond quickly and accurately to questions about Microsoft products when the annual renewal of the fleet volume licensing.
A more responsive technical support and a climbing faster the problems encountered
Some organizational processes improved internal heavy trial Microsoft
Good quality of the products, but sometimes unwieldy processes of registration of products and multiplication of media (ex: Office 365 and ADFS azure)
Possible centralization of support for multiple domains (E.g. Office 365 and Azure that hosts servers ADFS required for authentication of users Office 365)
Offers a better solution for the management of data bases.
Cumbersome process of registration of licence Office 365
Microsoft takes more account users lift and opinion of them than before.
Provide examples of software and test devices.
The price of the licences. First support services involved in French.
The follow-up of our projects is much more important
more listening on applications and opening at the level of the standards.
Recent disappointments at the level of the support provided to the company, have shown me another facet of the business that I thought I knew before...
Question on its technical support
Offer products and services even more closer to my company's strategy
Google offers many innovative tools in advance of Microsoft. Google to a more global vision on the "web" than Microsoft.
Have answers to our issues of migration to Office 365 (Skype For Businness essentially), which is not the case today and since the beginning of this project (over a month)...
Making investigations in which the scale goes from 1 to 9 and not 9-1. It is an index: even in surveys Microsoft find solutions to confuse the client.  Otherwise, it would be best to clarify the respective roles of intermediaries and internal teams, and t
Microsoft has done much to improve its opening, so far its great weakness. I asked him just to least to take account of the "time to market" to provide reliable products from the outset. And stop to listen to user base for the evolution of their products.
Because Microsoft continues to release products bugs (Office 2016), little rich products functionally (Outlook). So I'm very dissatisfied with Microsoft's work with regard to the office suite. I tempered my opinion because Microsoft shows us that he knows
Visit the rights management more consistent between all the products of the Cloud environment.
Make the interface between Office 365 and the iOS and Android environments.
Be better everywhere.
car multi OS
Microsoft innovates much and much more regularly improves its products.
As always with the ECS and the SCE is all or nothing. Either we dismissed all its Park or nothing. It's pity that we could not choose several types of contracts/licences to cover its fleet servers or users.
The MICROSOFT licensing is much too complicated: light of the client, it is incomprehensible, and even some of your employees are not always able to explain everything.
Be more responsive in taking account of the ski field: Microsoft is still one of the few editors where you can never be sure to see a bug fixed. On the other hand, better accompany us on on-boarding Office 365: on this point, we had the impression of bein
New leader, greater openness towards other players in the market, more pragmatism
RAS, my account manager is excellent
More support for on-boarding
Hang on Windows Phone and do not stop to manufacture mobile devices running on Windows despite low market share! Ensure that the application store is richer and that the quality and freshness of the applications is better.
Simplify the licensing that is much too complicated so far
Microsoft licensing program is far too complex. Need to be an expert to understand how to buy the right licence. Should greatly simplify this program because it's really too complicated.
understand that a plain growth company cannot anticipate the needs and buy the necessary real-time licenses. I find it unacceptable that we are obliged to repay, for example 100 SQL licenses in the latest SQL because we installed a server SQL 2012 on our 
Windows 10 is significantly better than Windows 8, although it plants still not bad. Tools CRM and dynamics are better (version 2016) visual studio tools are more open Biztalk rest essential SQL 2012 is a disaster from the point of view start (compared to
our contacts are essential and good qualities
I do not know Microsoft BI (besides Microsoft SQL analysis and OLAP CUBES) tools I know Microstrategy and QLICKSENSE
the Microsoft cloud is prohibited by our customers
widely to arrange its licencing system offer of assistance to the private cloud (for companies that are unable to host their data on AZURE) account for bugs that you declare on Dynamics 2016 (claimant PRODWARE in FRANCE for our group SCOPELEC account) do 
-the perimeter covered by MS seems not be visible, identifiable - products with fewer variations (too bad for marketing) - an easy licensing mode (even the user/device is tiring) - a plug for non-insiders: Windows, Windows server, cal,... - a transparency
-MS AX: manage the expense constraints / allowances km - MS AX: calendar unique to show holidays, ndf, posting time - less variant of version which complicates management - easy and fixed licensing modes (a blow this, one per processor, but not for all ve
-difficulties with installing Skype for business as part of O365 - dynamics AX: additional licensing cost functional blur over our need - audit of licence by a sub processing which features seems no information from Microsoft (contract O365), nor partners
promote the SSO on all MS apps, on all products, all combined variants
-see previous comments - since SN, the new guidelines have pleased me - it remains to simplify licensing (it is possible and everyone will gain, mm MS)
Business relation improvement improvement products
operational support on the tools it provides
Being best on its prices
Our use of Microsoft products as part of our digital transformation is very satisfactory
Better visibility on the nesting of solutions and better knowledge of the solutions also
-&gt; Address even more cases of uses-&gt; help to use Microsoft solutions which are not used-&gt; give more visibility on the trends and directions taken by solutions
Accelerate developments PowerBI Fiabiliser of bugs facilitate the integration of solutions Microsoft (AX)
To try the services more easily
Further integration of Yammer with office 365
Develop / strengthen relationships between Microsoft and Sodifrance
Simplify and unify the different licensing systems.
Microsoft's BI tools are behind by contribution to competition, QlikView for example.
An approach on more business on CRM. The business strategy is not at the height. Why not put in a specialized organization
It is very difficult, even with our resellers, to have clear answers on the various modes and available licensing programs. Furthermore there is no way to centralize the data of licences for all our different licensing programs. Followed him is so very co
Improvements Microsoft Azure Office 365 Microsoft Surface improvements: the best device hybrid
improve the level of service, performance and reliability
improve the administration of the non-windows device
Customer support on the pre-sales software project
Give me a first support worthy of the name
level of service and performance O365 quality of the first support
The non-effectiveness of the Romania-MS platform on which we fall inexorably
skills of the Romanian platform very below of our needs
licensing programs themselves are simplified but remain globally too complex
There is no program Office 365 for more than 300 people with complete Word and Excel software, other than the E3 plan, which requires me to pay Exchange, Sharepoint etc... while I do not want them. It would take me an opening of Office Business to more th
Training online
OK, management tools operation administrative too complex.
Administrative simplification...
licence CRM under the EA contract... administrative complexity.
Very good response to my requests
The simplification of the system of licensing
Reliable products
I do not know. Other companies proposed are for me not known to make software. Only SAP actually, but I do not know their effectiveness
The reliability.  And especially effective online help: it is very common that the solution is found to a Microsoft problem on forums users and really very rarely on the Microsoft online help
We have not bought new licenses for several months
Microsoft is a company of the future, who has at heart the value it creates for its customers accompanying them at best
Taken account of my requests and my always available commercial support
Training and seminars
better knowledge of our industry
Stability and flexibility of virtualization
Very good commercial follow-up
No, it's perfect
The integration of our resources in projects
Open store in France Heberger Azure and O365 in France
Arthur D Little. The client at the same time we raised an incident. It has the answer, have us waiting always (1 month...) It has discredited
Effective support on the unified communications projects
Current POC, not enough recoil to properly evaluate
Make an effort on the price of licences for intermediate firms
Relationship with our PAM
Organization of more sales blitz days
A company such as ours this throughout the national territory can not be managed by one person.
The level of commitment of the different stakeholders is uneven. I note however an effort for some weeks that very valuable and very much appreciated. MS towards NAV strategy seems somewhat unrelated field (market en in all cases) and the intrinsic capabi
Good commercial follow-up, exchanges of quality
I find that Microsoft could be closer to its partners in everyday life
More great proximity to WFP
None
Nothing
orientation trades
Increase the presence in our commercial teams (engaged process)
Training, commerce and product marketing.
Technical support including on recommendations systems and networks
At the forefront of innovation, knows to reinvent itself
Continue in this way
Continue to improve the integration of products (SharePoint/Dynamics CRM, Office/Dynamics CRM...)
no major change
An ambition to work on joint Go To Market.
Validation of the lifts of lead pipe.
Accompanying training most appropriate further business accompaniment accompanying marketing product
Prior to sale on draft sensitive (LCL La Poste including)
Continue investment on marketing aspects
I could appreciate the collaborations that I had with the CRM PTS
Presence these MSC on key clients. Mobilization of architects product R & D for the resolution of complex issues or the definition of architectures targets aligned with the MS. Thursday from the CRM roadmap / actions of the PTS / Yammer MPN
SAGE X 3 is a relevant competitor facing NAV
Visibility in the follow-up of clients via the MSC.
Loading data into the cloud tools. Reporting associated with the tools in order to make the control.
We are in a much more dynamic and proactive partnership
Much more trade - significant progress on the subject certifications
Work more regularly together have more than workspace shared
More proximity
An evil populated with such coordinates / mail of persons
better perception of human organization and resources
Many exchanges with our marketing partners, commercial and technical business opportunities envisaged
communication: - documentation product and functional - arguments - references "MS" & ROI
effective presentation of all materials, tools, websites, training... available for these partners
AX7
increasing still the partner relationship
Greater involvement on the French public sector towards publishers constraints on software maintenance contracts
Very good relationship with the sales and pre-sales MS
Very good technical profiles
More than physical meetings via events partners
Advantage of opportunities Microsoft Dynamics CRM and AX have bring by the Publisher in which IBM would be prime Integrator
Continue and accelerate on the path of openness to other technologies
cloud business
A dedicated team we was proposed by Stéphane Bouguessa and Wilfrid Gomez, for our follow-up on each of our activities. With Lidia Boateng and Benoît Moussaron in effective and any entry points the team great responsiveness in addition.
Intervention of MCS in global Audit
We benefit from better monitoring
more marketing resources and assistance to the funding and development of partner marketing plan
relationship of trust with our partners, effective and responsive
simplification of the process for partners
by comparison with competitors
Microsoft is closer to its partners and their expectations Microsoft has greatly developed its products around the CRM
Involved PTS
telling a story, selling, website performance
Simplicity of the platform, commercial lobbying
Best image among the trades because has better communication and a larger sales force
a larger commercial force; to support partners
Have a most important CRM Sales force
environments of demo + Office 365
Dynamics of renewed entrepreneurship, strong investments to be to the nearest partners
lobbying, prior sale, demos
The offered products are better and our interlocutors are readily available.
Very good exchanges, guidance for the future, assistance, very good listening...
Proximity to our interlocutors, reactivity.
More Exchange with my touch and other services (trade and billing) prompt return to my questions
Always so satisfied with exchanges with different interlocutors Microsoft. Thanks to them!
Commercial relationship more and more accessible
More ergonomic product
All the advantages of the cloud and opportunities resulting
Responsiveness, tracking, and the involvement
see with my DG - more appropriate responses
Part Customer service solution
search for solutions
It seems to me that everything is already implemented. the improvement is intuitive among MS and therefore anticipates the needs of the structures.
Being more in tune with "my" interests rather than "his"
Sometimes the collaboration is a tad difficult...
Fix to collaborate, especially on administrative process (to adjust our services this is a true "galley")
increasing interactions and leads
investment in training and funding of events
Continue interactions since the last 6 months, and propose accompaniments to the commercialization of licenses
Excellent. Good contacts and company technologically in points.
Good business relationship
Nothing - It always available and our listening and always able to bring us the good solution
Propose cloud solution and are permitted iso
I still have a very good opinion of Microsoft and even more since I work with.
A presence and availability on a daily basis - does not leave us without an answer-
Rodolphe and Benoit are exemplary.
In a client's mind Amazon is simple to implement - Azure remains complicated - it must be simplified and accessible solution Azure to any kind of audience.
It is already very well. I do not know
Increasing earnings around Azure solutions.
Remuneration of cloud services
Little, synchronization and listening to already excellent.
Good products, good relationship
Availability and accompaniment on business.
Commercial presence, news, offers, dynamism
Top margin.
Provide us leads
Not a major impact, but taking account of sales of licensing Microsoft HP ROK would be a plus.
I am followed by a PSE that allows me a better relationship with Microsoft
One relational + dense and one followed + custom
Unfair competition between the SPLA licensing and offers Office 365 who derive our margins down... programs incentive, rebate, coupon are too many. It has become very difficult to pull of the margin on sales of Microsoft Cloud services.  Conversely, we de
More than proactvite to broaden our contacts at Microsoft
The dynamism and relevance of our Channel executive
better communication on innovative contributions in existing solutions (Office 365, azure...), more openness and communication between Microsoft solutions experts (example: Office 365 & identity/tools, Office 365 & azure...), a global support on Cloud (fo
continue to meet the various Microsoft teams to make even more visible Arkadin and boost sales
provide more leads
Interesting opening to other strategy Cloud platforms
Understanding of the challenges of digital transformation
Simplification of contacts and programs
Closer partnership - various sectors and divisions
I work in partnership with Microsoft for many years and am very satisfied with this relationship
The programs require too much often solicit clients to sign documents. Should take into account the impacts in terms of satisfaction customers. Rather than discuss Microsoft administrative process with clients it would be better for everyone to discuss pr
Unique partnership for all segments customers + MCS
The French partners have weight in requests for improvements made to Corp.
By simplifying the totally abstruse contract models, and that rigidities include to pass from one model to the other incomprehensible without value for customers, but with unnecessary impacts on clients.
More dynamic and innovative
Humility and O365
Taking account of the requests as a partner seems to be faster.
Successful development of common business
Overall satisfaction comes from the quality and professionalism of the partners dedicated to Cegid.
For laughs I propose well shorten satisfaction questionnaires.   Then an Office 365 even better adapted to the TPE one helps to develop integration with Power Pivot
The simplification of contractual templates
STRATEGY AZURE CLAIRE RELATIONSHIP PSE TO THE TOP
Open to the World Open Source Cloud First Mobile First repurchase of Xamarin
A common "DevOps" offer which has proved to be a made from scratch by our company and "taken" by CS offer sold priced MCS
MCS TEAMS MORE ECO-PARTNERS
Focus Azure PaaS (in the speech) and does not constantly push the IaaS.
Good relationship and good support for our partners
Our Microsoft contacts are at the top!
Clarify and simplify the various partnership programs, too complex and requiring a job too important follow-up in the partner
Strengthening the commercial presence with our teams
The simplification of programmes
Better communication between teams
the relationship between the sales teams are reinforced
I know better the network so I have easier to get support
A very good PSE since July 2015! We recover has very good collaboration.
More accompanying
Our PSE
The new offerings
If Ludo could come more often with the chouquettes, that would be great.
A marketing partner
Relations are very cordial with our partners and they accompany us in our development.
Some disappointments at the level of procedures
Always as well followed by our pse
Our PES, Anne Marie Perrault, helps us much daily
Billing adapted to client services consumption.
SEE AND BUY
The simplification of incentives / Booster...
Very good relationship
Program partners who do not change each year
Support strengthened, our account manager availability, access to workshops...
Image open, roadmap
Licensing of Storage Spaces directly into Windows Server 2016 not forcing l hyper-convergence.
Make Hot Line of the resseller CSP2tiers service. technical support of the wholesaler CSP1T is not particularly efficient (example: ALSO)
wider range, affects all companies even smaller, more innovative in general on the cloud, no conflict of business model Unlike MS (classic to align with licensing Opex licensing), better accepted by developers and the startup
Clarify the role of the partners and simplify incentive programs become too complex.  For our organization it is more complicated to sell our knowledge do and our services to the Microsoft teams as clients.
Simplify its partner programs and improve the management of its partners
I am very statisfait of Microsoft's strategy as well as the quality of its products and solutions
innovation
Refocusing of the Microsoft Cloud strategy towards partners
best alignment to co-selling teams CA, EPG and SMB
new strategy adoption of the technos more in tune with the needs of the customers.
The relationship of partnership with Microsoft continues to improve since our PSE resumed the monitoring of our society.
good relationship and good follow-up to the day to day
Take more time with its management to understand our problems and our business model.  We are well accompanied and followed to run that Microsoft imposes on us but we also have need of a relationship that is not only commercial but also technological and 
-Improved visibility of the evolution of the business and improving relations with the account teams.
Ludovic our PSE is a strong asset in the development of Microsoft's pencil activity. A share increased our stock of co-selling is the common priority for this 2nd part of year tax MS
Much in advance on the cloud only part
knowledge and methodology
Simplify management of partners program
-Best consideration returns partners.
Continue to simplify programs Provide pro-active view on eligible rebates/fees when transacting
help us advantage in our business daily
MS Sales do not pay attention much to their partner (whatever the partner) : we have a growing feeling of be used when serving MS Sales's interests - and be ditched when not accepting everything they want... or be the fuse when MS screwed it up and need a
Ops (EOC) provided good support!  BUT Microsoft BUs are very deceiving in terms of Incentives, especially in terms of managing exceptions / requests: seems MS does everything not to reward partners despite proper exceptions requests made... 
Be more influential among his peers, management and sales peers Walk the talk: on 8-10 cases, he and his management committed things (deal reg, JSF, TUP exceptions...) that did turn out not to be delivered by MSFT. This created frustration & lack of trust
Offers more heterogeneous cloud services
Review your Incentive strategy for LSPs
PSE extremely available, responsive and constructive.
continue to follow by julien courtois
custom tracking product training
We have the chance to enjoy accompanying a commercial meet our expectations
Odile is at the Top
Let us have more aggressive purchase price because the margin rate is too low for the software
Increased visibility of MICROSOFT between another EPG, IoT and following the creation of our dedicated BU INFEENY Microsoft and to offer Digital For Windows,
New adopt a commercial monitoring by region, not by type of businesses.
Very good relationship with our PES.
Follow-up by our new PSE is excellent and efficient. We have the feeling of being listened to and accompanied in the development of our relations with Microsoft. Our constraints are taken into account, our requests for information are followed. A true rel
We have a very good PSE (Dominique Gauthier)
An improvement of the PSX Portal
Good listening and good exchange with the Alliance Parner
A huge involvement of Microsoft, a permanent accompaniment, a clear and assertive strategy teams! In short, that happiness
very strong news. revival of the business
Always available, very familiar with our company, its strategy and scale meetings and updates in relation to particularly effectively. A big thank you
rates, more advanced platform
Mission COVEA (Unified Communications) / AXA IM (MBAM) / CNP Assurances (SCCM 2012R2)
Accompanying marketing to end customers
Capacity to change and to make is ecosystem move
Good collaboration with Microsoft
accompaniment in the transformation of our business model
They have a 100% indirect in Europe including strategy
greater transparency on approach direct vs. indirect
More open on the real world (which is not that Microsoft) approach since the arrival of Satya Nadella, which facilitates the integration of Microsoft solutions
Relationship with the head of the partnership with my entity is of very good quality, both in the follow-up in exchanges and support when necessary
PG well HIP in place.  Microsoft more and more open to the outside world
Communication on the Licensing still to be improved;  in anticipation
strengthening of CRM
Anticipate better the risk of cannibalization of the cloud partners offers / offer live MS
Simplify its different partners contracts: CSP...
Better visibility on the technical support that can be brought.
My opinion is still good. We also signed a new CSP partnership for the sale of products Cloud. Support of the Microsoft teams is also significant both in terms of technical trade.
Prior to sale-oriented profession and non-techno
Do not be in competition.
Simplification of the various CSP contracts... It is almost impossible to unseat Ms at the level of referencing natural and paid... As a partner, we have no or little visibility on the Web tools.
attendance and availability of Mr B.Moussaron - Navarre, Mrs A.Giron, Mr Ch.Fumey among others.
Quality of the speakers.
Have access to a summary of rights to coupons end customers be authorized LSP for the AE marketing xDPS and Select our customers large accounts public and private (our 1st target customer)
Quality of our commercial contact: Angelina who is available at listening and creative tjs
Thanks to the very good monitoring of Marine Tranquard and emmanuel Trochy
Better responsiveness and clearer process
the simplification of licensing
commercial follow-up
taking greater account of customer needs
taking account of the difficulty of some contract management (decentralized or negociatuions commerciaoles difficult or work of implementation and aid for sale on small quantities)
microsoft's strategy is clearer in the hybrid: OS (SQL Linux, Mac environment agency) / Cloud
More features on technology products, containers come with the next version of windows server...
Porting of software on other platforms than Windows Server as SQL Server
More business to the cloud provider
EASE PROGRAM
Very good commercial follow-up
Real partnership on all BU
I want to keep Fiona TAYLOR as contact at Microsoft, she is very professional
Always better accompany us on our partnership and commercial follow-up
having a top knowledge of their reseller and their strategy on the products and services Micorsoft
Satya Nadella and my PSE
BETTER RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMMERCIAL
accompaniment followed mounted challenge in jurisdiction
Well accompanied by our PAM, more visibility on the Microsoft strategy
very good, very good communication be it direct or relayed by our managers, better monitoring of opportunities/folders
Ludovic Spannent, our interlocutor, is very present, listening, available and understands our needs, he adapted his profession and its resources for our needs.
Efficiency in the rise in competence of the teams, in the sharing of its strategies and support for sales teams
As a partner I notice better taken into account, an improvement of the co-selling through the work of our PAM, this has a direct impact on our business.
Insight France is very satisfied with Microsoft France and in particular with its work done by our Partner Sales Executive, Ludovic Spannent who shows us for more than a year now real Insight 'obsession' more great involvement from his hierarchy and MS Fr
access to the corresponding MS + visibility of insight
Our interlocutor Ludovic Spannent is listening and very motor which makes a real difference in terms of results
Commitment, efficiency and reliability of Microsoft
the accompaniment of Ludovic Spannent has much.
more involvement of Microsoft towards our society. A great relationship with our PAM dedicated.
Ludovic is very attentive and available for Exchange on the improvements that we can bring us to emaiorer communication and business
results YtoY, categories of products/solutions not positioned at a customer
continue the work carried out in a very professional manner already continuing to explain and renfrocer messages as it leads to the daily
Since his arrival as PAM, we note a growth more than significant and which is the result of his commitment and his work. We are more than satisfied and wish to continue in this way.
Remuneration of the partners (fairies, Rebates...)
Provide client events around technologies to push more.
Reducing my cost of sale by ONE VL (MPA & CPS) arriving quicker than forecasted. The multiple year phased approach of MPA by adding new features (already existing in other programs, think of Step-Ups etc.) every quarter, gives to me the idea that Microsof
Access to technical information. Facilitation of communication
Our contacts (Navy Tranquard/Emmanuel torchy) are highly reactive and to listen to our questions with answers.
Greater consideration upwellings of users and partners, even though improvements are still possible.
A continuous accompaniment, and a global vision of the appreciated market
More link with microsoft clients
Better orientation business
More exchange between commercial, more leads taken and region detection
Strong involvement of the commercial team microsoft
more than lisiblity in the licensing
I was very positive about Microsoft, including share of the rise in range of shelves and by Office 365 we are customers. On the other hand, the inability of Microsoft to operate correctly Sharepoint and onedrive is desperate, and bugs related to Windows 10 (drivers), the insistence to migrate customers to windows 10 while manufacturers do not maintain the drivers is painful. Finally the fact that Office 365 is still not on the 2016 version is ridiculous but not as much as the absence of the shortcut ctrl S on powerpoint 2016.
Propose interlocutors who know both technically Microsoft products (or who are able to apply technical experts) aspect licencing appearance price for us help to build our integrated application infrastructure (ex: I can't find interlocutors to advise me precisely on the ms project SharePoint beyond the General association).
Make Windows Phone a tool perfectly adapted to business (Office, Dynamics, etc) applications
Nice progression on mobile integration and sharp tools (PowerBI). Integrated and efficient enterprise applications strategy.
Equivalent
New products such as Skype For Business marks a real improvement
This is six months that we are trying to distribute Office 365 to our students... 6 months that we galerons and no interlocutor to help us: I don't will repeat not the subscription next year
-best availability Performance of the Cloud (we have recurring problems for more than 2 weeks) - Communication more detail around the Azure incidents and developments. For example, current incidents on the "blob storage" are little disclosed, documented
Being more close to me and downward pricing
High pricing
To be closer to its customers and be able to participate in Regional events and not on Paris
-Sometimes obscure licensing mode. -Hopping technology complex to integrate into our S.I.
Microsoft has taken into account our expectations and our particular constraints in financial terms (licenses).
Non-Microsoft and Cisco are 2 equivalent suppliers.
Finish products before disseminating them
Taking account of pro customers improves (it was a bit the impression of having been forgotten with Windows 8, very oriented public). For some time now Microsoft seems to put a lot of way to improve these products and services.
An example. We are part of a group of European 9000 employees, but distributed in more than 20 countries. The holding in Germany manages the business relationship with MS for the group. Either is fine, but because the business relationship is managed in Germany we have no direct contact with MS (info on our contract, products, etc.) while in fact we're large payer of the group in terms of licence (1500 persons in France)... But since we will not command pass we are not interested commercial!
for windows 10, windows phone.one drive
pricing for licenses to better communicate about what's new
Better integrate
Improving the management of the open license
No particular reason
Already show me she is interested in the case of my company, and that it offers solutions and solutions to fashion.
Should there have to improve. Through partners is a good thing. They know the Microsoft world and can more easily help us.
Bugs in office, activations that pop...
Be more lending to small customers
Less bugs, produces more reliable.
Resolve the problem preventing to work Dynamics CRM for Outlook and improving Dynamics CRM Online (better interface, more intuitive, automation of tasks, best dashboards).
Due to the quality of the solutions used and their prices.
New product, hardware, stability
More widespread on the market
improvement in the version of Windows 10
price, security
security, prices, personal data protection, interoperability
interoperability, price
specialized in a particular field
I said equivalent but overall. Approach and material construction is still in favour of Apple. The concept to completion design is fundamental to make a coherent tool.
1 - Not convinced by the features of the latest versions of Office Mac and PC. 2 interface complex as well with Windows as Microsoft applications in general. 3 - Impossible interoperability between platforms. Example impossible migration of Messaging Outlook Mac to Outlook PC, the last straw! The opposite is true.
Online solutions are to be developed in relevance.
1 - Keep the Excel 2016 Mac macro (for worksheets statistics kept for years). 2 - Full interoperability between all versions on all OS platforms or web.
Sometimes meet clients for other things that control them. No other than virtual tour of Microsoft for 15 years.
Listen to customers and not only force them to fill out forms complex and tedious.
The only link that an SME has with Microsoft are diligent controls of Microsoft licenses purchased/installed. Absolutely not on the needs of the business.
Lighter and more economical solution.
The licensing system remains complex. A simplification would be a good thing
In fact I rarely contact Microsoft (less than once a year). Most often the forum or the web bring solutions to pbs encountered. Contact Microsoft is complicated (referral of services services), long, to do then email, then wait for a response, etc.
listen to... and to simplify procedures
customer relationship with someone named MICROSOFT, direct dial and a decision-making power.
Make the suite office office pro for free for any new purchase of ordis.
phone number for hotline with the caller designated, ease of linking, and find a solution to the problems. Microsoft is reachable on the phone but never problem-solving.
Software or application education
more listening and have focal points appointed at Microsoft
A truly professional Outlook online
The Office 365 and cloud is good - the Windows 10 OS is well
Improve its webmail! Improve Outlook and make it more customizable
Best products, more listening to users and most innovative
Explain the Microsoft vision for long-term
Very good monitoring products, complete solution with good support.
Drop rates?
Should Microsoft deals directly with the customer relationship (this began to make and big thank you). Resellers are not technological, and are not force of proposal
Customer support may not hang on to the nose of the customers.
A clear licensing policy
Met overall but questionable business strategy
Microsoft may take into account the remarks made to the commercial
The pricing policy is questionable... and discussed. For example, it is not normal to have to buy 3 licenses windows server to a single server architecture VMware Esx 3 on the pretext that one can move the server to one esx to another...
possibility to update Windows for free appr??ci??e(malheureusement, ce n'est pas sans mal: n??cessit?? de r??installer Windows 10 dans une autre version)
software effective and responsive to the needs of users
through the daily use of microsoft products that gives me satisfaction with a very good quality of production of documents.
Facilitate the licensing: - delivering tool inventory global and reliable licence - simplifying / unifying the rules of licensing
More successful and complete features
Windows 10 is a success
better information on what's new
interesting developments with Windows 10 and the range Nokia Lumia
put more accessible to the customer and offer him a follow-up
Perhaps because google has become a reflex
Reinstate licence Office to update that no longer exist. Stop imposing Win 10 stop imposser sound Cloud via the Office apps, etc.
It is equivalent.
Simplification of licensing. So far it is simply incomprehensible.
We use recently Office 365 solutions and we are more than pleasantly surprised.
I ticked 'equivalent'... Small bug?
to run sharepoint on office 365, this product is a joke!  We'll probably consider another storage cloud so it is ineffective
The relentlessness of Microsoft to rot the lives of users and administrators to spend penny Win 10 is infuriating, however productive, inadequate. Please let IT services manage their migration.  Customers do not spend on alternative OS because of the computing ecosystem that cannot be questioned, which allows Microsoft to afford everything and anything.
first get in touch with my company that we explain our expectations then tell me with a lot of simplicity if yes or no, the features we need will be or not developed.  e.g. Calendar sharing on mobiles (functionality available in Google Apps and the majority of your competitors)
being a small business, my business relations are very good and I do not qualify for improvements
Meet these customers, being at the initiative of the meetings.
Appoint a commercial that is close to the SME customer
Clarity of these offerings, innovation, close to its customers. good value for money, good King
Microsoft says not enough strategy to the customers. Microsoft is not close to its customers. the licencing rules are not always very clear and change over time unless the client is well aware. Constantly check the rules.
The direct business relationship between Microsoft and the customer.
having someone who can respond to the request for information on technologies and rates quickly. For example a privileged contact with someone from the company.  We work in education Microsoft has actions but it is impossible to contact people in the service or to collaborate on actions. In this area I give a triple 0.
not in my mind but it offers more services. However we have chosen Microsoft for its policy of confidentiality in the cloud and less on positions.  Google is ready to work tomorrow with us and accompany us on non-commercial project, so that it is impossible to have someone at microsoft
Lower prices and simplification
Greater consistency between your products. example: OneDrive is very high performance while OneDrive for Business meets big problem of perf. I understand entirely that there have a different technical liability etc. But the point of saw felt user, it sucks!
account blocked (for license pack office) Outlook, very complicated for the unlocked, also still not unlocked...
It's reliable
Better inform on Windows 10 confidentiality rules, make more readable licenses, add the possibility of be connecer to the network from a Windows phone 10 shares
Windows 10 environment is pleasant .This latest version brings a true more...
Google tools are powerful, simple to understand and use, the visual aspect is nice.
better management of the licensing office
reliable technology 24/24 7/7
reduction of cost for licensing offices 365
light extra cost generated talks passage to the sas
It is different more specific metielrs software
Simplification of licensing
Multiplatform strategy
Simplify its licensing mode
Some concerns at the level of management hardware Windows 10: older machines migrated to W10 and detected as eligible for the update sometimes have trouble not available drivers. Example of important devices such as keyboards and mice or webcams (including some integrated mobile.
Value for money of microsoft products, licensing complex and too expensive. Not always well finished products.
The licensing that doesn't move from one version to another.  technical support type red hat (online or in box). A deployment type redhat as with spacewalk and kickstart. Pricing type systancia
Because there is a very good product, but there is still the imperfections. The rules of licensing changes to make more money are unclear. The demos are great, but the reality is much different.
Improve linkages between Outlook/exchange and SharePoint provide the possibility of updating office on our pace and differentiated post-by-post basis (industrial environment) at a cost reduced (bypassing the office 365 subscription) to improve the homogeneity of the park without disproportionate cost (some of our industrial positions need a real but very small office).
accounting software business between specific example to pay or finance in communities with Windows 10!
Microsoft products are our must-see days and bottom parts of our daily newspapers.
More I use of products and services Microsoft, plus I have the impression of lacking assistance and expertise when I encounter a problem or I ask myself a question.
I had to do at 2 resumed to the technical service. I ran into people who are not in France, which is annoying because it is not the same culture of service that we. Problem of language not also well spoken than me. I had the impression that people did nothing. Make savings on staff, you have a bad service. Then, your Office 2016 activation procedure is simply clenching: I activates and installs first and then, when I set up the account of a colleague, he ask revalidation. And the site does not recognize my validation. And I am forced to go through other steps and then leave the method with the mail and rerentrer serial: in short, it is rotten.
Direct contact Microsoft simplify licensing suggests products for management and administration multi-company international
Having a Microsoft partner and not systematically a dealer or a specialist who will do the intermediate
Have a phone dedicated for education number
Even if there is no interlocutor, we arrive to deploy its solutions, which is not the case with Microsoft
Products such as windows seem more and more leisure-oriented and less professional.
Break through to Windows 10 is not a good solution.
Non-automatic translation of the technical doc in my language more accessible Technical Support direct links (non-forum)
functional reactive Support
1 contact dedicated with direct line for organization over 50 computer workstations
more stable product
seniority on the segment
Simplification of licensing for the Middle Park of less than 500 pc pc, because the price of the licences in volumes is not consistent with the it budget of a TPE
Service bit suitable for the Midsize Enterprise
Reliability
the fact that the company is easily accessible for the world of education. It is simply non-existent currently.  It is impossible to training with the coding in Microsoft technology or work on certification of students on Microsoft tools.  Conversely Google opens the arms! not a paradox?
Most successful and without bugs products...
Microsoft support responses could be real answers to our problem and not to respond with a series of links where they read dozens and dozens of pages for there draw information about our problem, which is a Microsoft problem. To ensure that the products offered as 365 are really adapted to companies and international groups in terms of management and administration. Etc... The list would be long
After as at Apple a service worthy of the name sale
Microsoft's strategy in the medium and long term can readable...
I have already made a windows 10 update that did not go well. I returned to windows 7. In addition, some software running 7 are incompatible with 10.
avoid the update more or less forced (like windows 10)
Functional coverage and availability performance of the Cloud
Enter in the "free world", with all that this implies non-commercial, "visible" and "readable".
Reliability and free upgrade
Non pre installation of Microsoft products on the majority of the PC that can be purchased commercially (for professional or personal purposes).
Ben, Microsoft is not a passion for me, it's an evil necessary! I regret a little this species headlong and permanent revision that involves very often for the company of the costs of upgrade resulting from the obligation to be always at least partly in a recent version of Microsoft!
Stop taking us for pumps money!
Following our remarks in 2015 on the licensing program, we have contacted in order to move towards resources for a better understanding of Microsoft licensing.  Establish a relationship customer - supplier to demystify the image of Microsoft for the account profile that we are.  Bruno Bancheri
I appreciate the choice of Microsoft closer hardware solutions for the end user.
disappointment on products (surface pro 3) after 4 months of use
Windows 10 is really optimized and allows to revive old equipment (5 years) better than the planned systems of origin
I think they are more advanced at the moment on the virtualization part
adding a gateway or an emulator for IOS and Android on the Windows Phone applications, then access to the Strores thereof
Better management of partner records. It is also regrettable that the motivation of the employees are more present: they talk about Microsoft as a company in which they are just passing through.
The bold choice and innovations made by Windows 10 are to continue! However the update and l installation of update on the Windows 7 system are very tedious and take much trp of temp.
Treat problems when there is
Apple is more reliable and disperses less in its offer
simplification of the sale of Open licenses. a real free maintenance already to pay 350 maintenance at Microsoft to repair a bug 'MICROSOFT' best help "TUTO" migration of pro MICROSOFT product
improvement of the characteristics of operating systems
considering its customers as customers rather than products
Ditto not best
Interview clients to understand their needs, and not seek to impose what Microsoft believes good for its customers.
Clarify licencing offers, raise the rental offers
Success of the hardware part: surface
a better agility with appropriate responses to technical and budgetary business constraints
Best quality/price ratio, stability
Really listen to its business customers, but I think not!
Sometimes incompatible Microsoft's policy with the industrial world. A policy of incomprehensible and changing license during the release of new versions. A purchase price which remains high. Almost non-existent except Technet and other support.
Side tariff of O365, with a price negotiated stable, in fact during our migration to 0365 there of order volume licenses additional E3 and E1 and we were unpleasantly surprised by the auguementation of the price of the license. Last point 0365 licensing because we share our holding with our American colleagues and it is difficult to know the distribution of licences
force proposal to offer updates on license prices. The principle at Microsoft we buy &gt; pay &gt; it is hard to evolve. For Word and Excel software prices remain too high for volume licensing. Development tool unaffordable for an SME...
My selected answer is equivalent and not better, I so can't respond to this clarification
Simplification and license management
License management
Tariff policy of the branch pro
The simplification of licensing and activation of products. Stability and increased security. Yes there are several points but I think that these are the same for 15 years!
Even though stability progresses it remains problematic. Security is virus, malware, ransomxare, systems Microsoft requires to use third-party solutions to protect themselves. The product activation Windows requires dedicated servers services and it is a puzzle for multi-site companies that has no internet connection. Products cloud brings undeniable flexibility but what bond back on the interface and ergonomics. In conclusion, this is progressing on some points (stability, robustness, flexibility) but it recedes into other (license activation, ergonomics of products office 2013, 365 etc.)
2 reasons:-problem of recurrent availability of the App Service for a few weeks.  -fix to understand and make me understand support US level 28/02 when the deposit of a severity A ticket and late redial period. This is the first time I had this type of problem.
Simplify your licensing systems. From the Unix world you pay a very expensive but everything is inside. Microsoft must be: A server license, permits users, licenses for some modules, processor licenses... Actually we think the product is cheap but when you add up everything it is same so why make it so complicated?
Everything is more simple, more innovative, better finished.
lower prices
Can do still better
Assistance on the conformity of the Park of licences, and the best uses, not a type police inspection.
Quality of the products (Win 10, Win Serv,...) Offer 365 offer Azure capacity for innovation opening of Azure to non MS
By making its software offering more readable and less complex.
Vision oriented company: A company store make centralization reliable administration tools and unify (GPO internal/cloud) => Edge without GPO is a heresy simplify the life of the developer: A code for all awnings => System.data not available developing app/phone is a heresy
Tool development oriented developer VS other platform we understand or MS want to go with W10
Think Professional Enterprise: have a joint vision and not only cloud for example store business
Create a real customer relationship adapted to my industry.
Flaws in product safety, lack of documentation.
Listen to them!
Create a real customer relationship.
Microsoft takes into account the opinion of its customers rather than impose changes not desired by most users.
These commitments for example one drive for mac or one has more new. Do not change these licensing rules annually.
Adapt to the needs of users, instead of arbitrarily impose changes of use, as with Windows 8 which has proved inadequate to the needs of users.
Showing listening to users rather than impose a disastrous point of view to the world.
evaluation has my expectations
a simplification of the tariff offers that are often incomprehensible, including for resellers who are lost in endless :-(tables
overall direction of the brand towards a more coherent and natural integration
with more presence on the ground: show how things/techniques evolve
the two companies are equivalent: innovative, efficient, robust, user-oriented
Propose a pricing, a mode of payment (administrative term), and tools adapted to small local communities.
By simplifying the management of licences, by offering to small communities with tools adapted to truly advantageous rates.
a simplification of the administrative interfaces (including AZURE AD).
Accelerate the movement committed to Open. SDK more accessible.
Academy
Windows 10
netacad
Yes
demonstrations
My high school can no longer pay for licences which no longer financed by the regions.
En_tant_que decision maker, I would like to have a 'Client' page that brings together all of Microsoft products with the main information namely: expiry Licences, important information relating to Microsoft products: example &gt; renewal of the public certificate Microsoft Office 365 in April 2016 for hybrid architectures, which I had the information by a non-Microsoft site), clear Roadmap for each of our products.
The Microsoft change the licensing level allowed us to convince more faiclement our financial Direction. (Shift from a CAPEX to OPEX mode).
Innovation but also stability of solutions
The cost of technology is expensive sometimes
Most innovative
reliable products
There remain certain specific points of details to improve safety, including antiviral filtering and antispam Messaging on Office 365 or in sync active directory on-premises &lt;-> azure AD
No coordination in services. Folder waiting for several months.
Simplify the licensing system for medium-sized companies to fully exploit the opportunities offered by MICROSOFT technologies. The issue is not necessarily the price but the ease to access products; It is more difficult to buy than to implement. Rate and then buy the products takes too much time which is detrimental to the business agility and it sometimes eventually turn to less efficient above all opensource solutions because they are quick to get.
The impression that MSFT has awakened and begins to bounce (ex Windows 10, the revival of Windows Phone, the range Surface etc.)
By having simple and readable licensing policy... (difficult for an SME with a somewhat advanced infrastructure to be sure to have good licenses). The CALs system is from another age. Finally it seems absurd to not be able to purchase licenses online business. Having to go through resellers discourages to purchase licenses.
The development of Powershell, the advent of Win10, the arrival of WinServeur 2016. The disappearance of SUA is complex to manage, as much as that of Windows Media Center.
An account dedicated and sectoral support. Orange manages to do it :)
Hard/soft/services easier to obtain quotations.
* product innovation * risk * quality equipment (surface 3 pro, MS Band 2, Lumia) * quality of the os (win 10 and servers)
Flexibility in the variation of the number of licences cloud our variations in the number of our employees in all contracts. Desired monthly adjustment based on consumption of licenses, you can monitor...
Simplify the contracts for companies... I'm in Open Value and me talking about other contracts I know not (MPA for example) and would be more suitable. It has been very difficult to find good extensions reference volume of boxes mail outlook...
I consider that the field of virtualization, VMware is imposed before. Today, HyperV seems equivalent, but it is too late... Licensing VMware programs has already been acquired. And this works well, why change?
Since we are client office 365 plan E1, is happening better that I had approached him. And the products are more reliable than I had imagined.
Consult the trades to the evolution of Office packages
Create regional antennas
I never said that Google was better than Microsoft...
The emancipation of Windows Phone, it would be time. Since too long Microsoft "is trolling" market (smartphones, tablets) mobility Android and Apple are largely ahead, unfortunately.
Make quality products at a reasonable price. No crap has gold prices as is the case for a decade.
More innovations, particularly in the sector of collaborative work and mobility because I think that you missed the turn on this point (too few shares of market and apps) rested on WP compared to Android or iOS
With a force of sale "proximity" more present
Reliability and power of environments ESX / Vsphere for features compared to HyperV virtualization
By broadcasting a speech clear and unequivocal avoiding returns back.
Simplify your licenses!
.
.
a much richer application store
Using some of your products, my opinion is better because factual and more subjective.
Allow the client a better freedom in the choice of other competing products
Simplify its offer of licensing which is "a real job to understand..."
Ease the licensing mode
More innovate
Good products and services but often communications issues
Direct contact. Accompanying change (your change).
Better management of the capacity of the machine for a better fluidity without needing to change machine every year!
support on office 365 is not good. for example the provisioning of the ondedrive via csom works properly and nobody's found why
The free passage to services10 which is visibly steadier
None.
-The process of continuous improvement, - the improvement of the stability of the system and applications -, the similarity of the ergonomics Win phone and Windows. -OneDrive Win phone and Windows application. -Free migration Windows 10.
-Manage your licenses correctly than your license management systems functions properly also!  -be attentive to your customers! your products its good but your management policy and review!
There are the good and the less good in Microsofts products
Make free and not targeted questionnaires! Microsoft provided the products of a certain quality and it works. On the other hand, regarding innovation, there is nothing! of the less visible by people like me, my daughter, and 7000 clients that I managed... Try to do a true customer-oriented questionnaire and Microsoft!  To be concrete and answer your question:-do not take your customers for fools. -Put in place a real license management with accounts dedicated to each company, person instead of paste to resellers or boxes. I spend 20% of my time trying, I say try to solve licensing problems while there is not! -Side innovation, try to innovate instead of copying the work of others unhappy way!
Take real pro, and edit your certifications! People who have your certifications are for 99% incompetent.
More advice and assistance
Treatment of the emails in Outlook (collage) reliability of SQL Server
In taking contact and discuss my needs Advisor to make better faster with less than implies
Lack of direct relationship with the customer service. Policy licensing complicated.
Be listening to lift tickets of incidents to apply any hotfix or assess the desirability of a change of strategy when a good idea is provided. Isn't obviously the case today, since it is fact that few cases on suggestions to support technicians...
Be an example of transparency on the data collection carried out by Microsoft, including Windows 10 applications fully leaving the choice to the user what he wants to pass or not to Microsoft.
Inability to manage your own licenses! breakdowns of your systems returning management of your support centers too segmented over the quantity of your products. In france by normal people it's called a brothel!
Properly define its products,
Big problem for several week of sync and messaging in O365 which to penalized our collaborators.
Because Windows 8.x and Windows 10 are absolutely not what I expect of an operating system.
Less more this will "on a handmade" products. And yet, we are not under 8 or 10.
improve messaging online office 365 antiviral safety. When a new virus is discovered and reassembled in support and once the antiviral definitions updated with the signing of the new virus, must be repeated an antiviral scan all contents of boxes mails to check that filtering has not left him passed previously and that the boxes contain more... It is B-A-BA of the antivirus scanning of mail but this is now not the case on Office 365 (while your competitor as Symantec integrate basic in their security products for Exchange)... Etions we therefore better protected with Exchange Symantec with Office 365 ForeFront? It would seem so at least that Microsoft will take seriously this SUGGESTION which seems yet vital security!
MS Dynamics 2013: no great new items compared to the competing CRM market. Windows Phone 10 (of Lumia 950): recurring bugs (unstable Bluetooth, random reboots,...) SharePoint somewhat satisfied 2013 2013 rather satisfied Exchange Windows Server 2012 R2 satisfied MS Office 2016 rather satisfied client OS Windows 10 somewhat satisfied
Windows 10 not ripe for the company. Always grotesque licensing system
Simplify activation of your products, you unnecessarily complicate the life of the only ones who pay your licenses it means business. Stop to change the interface of your products the OS or office products. Users are lost do not find their tools and this causes a waste of time and huge costs in training to do the same thing as before (between office 2003 and 2013, I think that more than 90% of people still do the same thing in their use)
Support faulty, unsatisfactory, arrogant, disrespectful. Aggressive and inappropriate commercial techniques. Commercial targeting next to the plate. Forcing to buy unsuitable products insistent (KB upgrade W7-&gt; W10), painful.
by providing a telephone number where you can reach a hotline. This sorely lacking. I was even at your headquarters in Issy les Moulineaux hoping for help, but nothing.
I just sent my surface pro 4 in repair in your services, I hope strongly that the problem will be supported fully and promptly
There are beugs that are not totally explicit frequently
Better take into account customers of all nationalities, creating a quality service in the language of Moli??re.
poorly finalized products
The 10 Windows shift to unstable rendering of games on steam such as Mortal Kombat X. The shift updates repair still not concerns. My recommendations to change for Windows 10 other users produce bcp of malcontents because they complain of recurring problems: start blocked office that plant... '
Because you are proposing an update WINDOWS 10, which don't s "installs on my Windows 7 license despite a score of attempts your terse messages tell me version can not if install while at the beginning of the installation it says that the version can be installed on the equipment." Rather be quiet than to say anything! G??rard DANGUILLAUME
Too much trouble: Surface 10 Office 365 Windows while they are Microsoft products...
Stop wanting to do everything and do well what you offer to your customers.
Windows 10 has launched even though the product was not successful. Too many bugs resulting in serious malfunctions have disrupted the use of my outils.* *.
Do all in one! When I install Windows 10, my priority should not be to look for that I'll have to install it to handle everyday tasks.
make videos in french
Having more than a 10 for any windows software computers except a small specific network in XP. The use of a single software allows more easily deepen the language and to solve the problems.
Consult us on the design of products
The new CEO seems competent
Ask our opinion on the design of products
Ask us our opinion on the design of products
Unbeatable search engine
Pricing for licenses and confidentiality of data (NSA)
make comprehensible your license management online
correct your strategy errors (see my previous comment)
Because Windows mobile 10, or windows phone 10 arrives, and Microsoft is working hard to achieve the level of Apple IOS and Google Android phones.
Google Android phones make up the global phones Park at 80%. The windows phone, windows mobile 10: 4%. Why continue to sell 10 mobile Windows when all Microsoftees Microsoft France arrive at clients and released their iphone and their android? Steve Ballmer November 8, 2013 shouted before all Microsoftees France who took photo with their Android and Apple smartphones: "where do you think you are?" When Microsoft France aura of ambassadorial motivated to highlight the brand, maybe Microsoft will become better than Google.
The Microsoftees use their Microsoft smartophone front of their customers. When a Microsoftee leave its Google Android phone to a client, the client thinks that Google Android is better than Microsoft Windows mobile 10: complete loss of credibility of Windows 10 mobile.
Offer professional products and not as vendors catalog correspondence. Propose the product that there is a need and not to sell anything and no matter how.
Reliability - continuity
It to become innovative and that there is interphase with all other products even not having the same system...
New, more integrated system to the future and to the user. Better user experience of our days. However the launch was too fast, for months my drive didn't have the correct drivers! It took until early December, and the shift to find functional...
more suited to the predictive expectations of a company/person
do not change anything
more in line with the spirit of the time
such not best
Windows 10 is usable, and takes account of my needs which was not the case of windows 8 not to mention vista
for example avoid systematic requests for control of software then even I am subscribed... do not implement ervice unusable software like windows 8 avoid deleting without warning of the services or features used and helpful
Behave correctly and already do not hang up the nose of the phone customers.
offers clarity quickly provide answers when there is a problem without having to navigate out of sight in the maze of servers.
ESPECIALLY TO STOP THE COMPULSORY COSTS AND NECESSARY
MAKE SURE TO LIMIT THE PRICE
because our societies do not need so much support and especially version changes are far too expensive for the use
NO IDEA
Speed of management! Quick response!
SYSTEM MORE STABLE AS400
Speed of installation, a bit long to re - set but fluid and very functional! Management tools made available by efficient Microsoft!
Lighter operating system even in 64 bit but a complete system! With Windows 10 start you being on the way!
Apple is no better, it has qualities like microsoft but its great strength is the reliability of its products
More dynamic, more modern and more open
More reliably on commodity hardware (windows phone, surface,...) more innovation, less dispersation or abandonment of projects (rt, lumia 1020, windows...) more affordable
Best knowledge of your products
to accelerate the relationship in case of technical problem. Time is money
By being easier to access and limiting the bugs of the technical service
I indicated equivalent
reduced price special TPE of Windows and Office
As a system integrator and vendor of computers, Miss me the opportunity to buy Windows licenses at a reduced price.
1 / ask need 2 / do not force to take something you need or not fit for purpose
Thanks to Windows 10, most importantly now on Mobile, Microsoft creates an eco-complete system probably enabling future
Help computer TPE.
The weak point is the direct communication of physics, custom. It is the key to confidence and the desire to disclose its satisfaction and thus to stimulate the purchase of others.
I live in Paris and 15 minutes from 1 Apple store where I can get a complete, efficient and free servicing (or subscription)
your product tend a simplifying to the extreme. the result is a much more laborious use of the moment or you want to use advanced. A PC is not a tablet. cannot find the same thing.
simplify your web interfaces. and explain them clearly. because I go there if rarely has each time I get confused not
Leave the user free to choose its protection of privacy, not to mislead that in behavior want Microsoft.
I do the acquisition of a pro 4 surface and even though I love the product I'm somewhat disappointed by the large number of problems meeting on this product, yet more screws a screws of the purchase price! My old surface rt works better...
I nes ais not. I am not a specialist in computer science
I have no criticism to make on the quality of the product.
I do not know
Give true and fair information. Analyze the installation which do not pass. Query clients for which facilities do not work while you tell them that the equipment is declared by your installation systems capable of supporting the operating system.
The french is my mother tongue so much easier when the comprehension of text. Some free task management software are better than those offered by your organization.
Respecting clients, especially when a license key is loose, the slightest of things is to ensure the reactivation of the key for which the customer has paid.
products more stable and a clear usage policy
All our staff to migrate on Google
I am purchasing a license for personal, I have test it on a PC under maintenance then reformat and when I wanted to install it on my PC impossible, I have the install a license of the insider program while I have a license buy?
As mentioned before, do not coerce clients use licenses to test while it on purchased official licences!
I do not know
the costs at Microsoft are high and we are like all engaged in a policy of cost reduction
Microsoft products are the only ones I use since the beginning of my professional career as well as at home. I know of no other environments and I am very happy with the products used
greater clarity, better organization of resources, followed by products
Take into account the needs, requests and wishes of not related to manufacturers or retail channel partners
Marketing commercial and not turned towards innovation, the quality and features of products
A true relational customer (not a hot line in a country of the world tier) or a robot, a true correspondent attached to proposed solutions
Very good products
In a way global windows 10 is improving but there are still of the job side stability of the steams on Microsoft games.  Unless it is a strategy to make it obsolete to recent games as quickly.  An improvement of the ergonomics of PC games, the stability of the office which sometimes crashes without reason. The ability to better manage updates automated Windows would have a significant impact on my satisfaction at Microsoft.
inquire more often my computer concerns and take them into account
Arrival of Windows 10
THE passage under Win 10 is not without difficulty on some machines. The disappearance of Media center, so inability to use with Microsoft TV tuner card
The price
better allow the physical relationship with a trainer for a better use of my Surface, my Windows phone 950XL and my software and apps
Windows 10 and a spirit more 'apple'
you just create windows 10, a mirror.  Many app are not on my 950 XL damage forced to have both (iPhone 5 S)
Review decreasing the price of the material surface book etc...
Much better new products
My level, should make it more understandable to the operation of equipment (Tools), thus improving their use and continue the innovation of the eco-system.
lot of trouble with W10 and more incompatible with some versions of office (including 2007) excel unusable on Samsung Note3 offline... check dragon dictate still incompatible with 365...
Products to professionals and not the general public
Compatibility with the product Symantec EndPoint. I'm tired of the "service stopped..." messages that I didn't have with W7Pro
the convergence
10 license packs
communication!
transition to 10 without pain
more compreensible. Clear translation
Wanting to do everything single we have difficulty understanding the essential. The morcellage of everything and all the paid options eventually cost...
isn't "best" products are different e.g. Chrome and Android
key software and passwords ergonomics file management
I rarely have problems with Microsoft products and in all cases I always find a solution via the Microsoft sites or forums
make a copy pasted from apple, improve the product and everything will be perfect
A better follow-up of the crashes when it occurred.
The free update to Windows 10 is both a beautiful gesture of goodwill and a technical success.
specific hotline for office 365
hot line for easily accessible by product type
Stability of products in their 2013
Very sharp technically
Come back down to Earth and stop to entrust its development to people who understand even not for whom they work. Interfaces illegible, incorrect explanations in aid, basic options hidden in menus without end. hierarchy of information without logic.
Overlap of products (mail windows 10 and outlook) always big problems of import export and contacts between outlook and other products. Gateway between still wobbly software and integrated application heavy or unmanageable.
Having dedicated interlocutors TPE
New office and Windows products
Make of the software including the settings (I think sharepoint and exchange in particular with office 365 pro) does not stay 4 hours over the telephone or more expensive than software training.
Commercial field for SMEs and follow its customers.
Simple to use
.
insurance service or assistance on l: es products microsoft by phone. I do not now know if I should use E1 or E3 in office 365, knowing that we have office 2016 also
I have a pro 3 surface and a blackberry phone. Our German company have all the BlackBerry and microsoft shelves. On the Tablet only keyboard problem because of numerous typos by virtue of ergonomics. but overall windows 10 is excellent. Strongly blackberry Priv on android. I am also in the cloud with office 365 and E3
Stop adding unnecessary options to software already too complex and not at all intuitive. Go back to the basic knowledge and integrate it. Establish a multidoc project is always problematic.
lower price
release of Windows 10
Software are much simpler has use software suite comes with a Mac computer is much more complete and adapted as a Windows PC, and without any of the usual crapware under Microsoft GUI is very substantially more homogeneous configuration is largely easier popups wads of stupid questions far fewer, or non-existent the thing that lack actually has Apple is a clear and simple policy for businesses.  But from a usage perspective, Microsoft has decades of delay.
More facilities to reach you in case of technical problem of dedicated interlocutors TPE today is the mess
Improve the functioning of Skype (for example, I can't always create a group chat to add participants, etc.).
I actually wanted to correct "very satisfied in"somewhat satisfied"(but I could not go back!)." Reason: I find that Skype works less well since its integration at Microsoft!
Stability, because the tools are very good
It seems that Microsoft is finally understood that rather that forced Microsoft to lock walk with proprietary protocols and closed products, the industry is a change of policy and make its interoperable tools.  It is not less than Windows and the suite Office (with the exception of Excel) are infections that I am forced to use professionally but fortunately not personally.
Update windows lumia 950 10. Ergonomics windons 10 against win 8.1
A simple use of Microsoft access in the cloud with onedrive network.
simplification of the system of licence
"Taking into account the '' client, '' more friendly one more real listening of the consumer and user of products (software) less locked and more open be" more closely "user"
I met some problems of compatibility between different versions of Access
Too rigid company fix to be understood cannot have someone at the end of the wire...  Lack of heat and incomprehention of interlocutors
I believe that BING (microsoph) is the competitor of Google... with a doubt however... I privileged this coin more routinely...
Simple uniform interface and standards-compatible protocols
Provide simple products to use, such as those from Apple.
Update os without rebooting
Primo: With regard to telephone Microsoft (my laptop; the implementation is too complex = I therefore returned to the touch (Samsung)) Secondly: with regard to computers = rather however satisfied at each stop of the machines: systematic updates delay stops (6 and more systematic shift! which some create bugs!...)
Transition to windows 10 creating many problems and malfunction of applications. Poor mail
less innovate and be more reliable
Increase permanent and listening to partners
More transparency and openness
Guiding its R
Without notice
Stop taking its customers for cows milk
More reliable, more akin to its users and especially more open, particularly in relation to open source
Development of platform Building Information Models, platform for Exchange and storage of documents. Invest in CAD - related to the building
Mobile Microsoft 950 didn't work for 3 months due to a poorly finished software - company OneDrive plant regularly and is hardly used - surface pro 3 not equipped with a GPS which is an aberration
Think about the needs of others rather than impose his perpetual vision of what could be well, according to her. 0Pourquoi not make the built-in messaging tool, for example, complete with customization of signatures, to avoid to install Outlook in overlay and thus have two software doing the same thing. It's stupid and little functional!
Nil
Demo and test Azure pay.
Tariff policy + allow a monthly credit for the partners? or access to a number of VM?
Better visibility on licensing policy?
The pricing...
Continuous improvement tools made available by Microsoft. The gain in our daily work are obvious.
Diversity of innovative product for developers and ease of integration between them
?
We had a lot of contacts with different speaker: nothing or not has happened subsequently...
Diversity of products in different web technology.
Very difficult to get into communication MS I am a TPE in ACTION PACK I am running on-line approval CSP Program, I found the web CSP request by chance.. inventories of the hours of research I had telephone contact MS commercial who think to sell STANDARD - no listen or technical understanding of some Gold Silver...
A live technical consultant dedicated to our listening and monitoring: - communicate on all technical and marketing opportunities - enhance ISVs that are of the TPE - architecture Cloud impacts on our business of software - action pack is good but for an OFWS who wants to grow it is difficult to go further except for linefeeds in Silver and the price of the formations that go with it - too expensive - the size of MS partners certifications the training and certification should be free eLearning or a symbolic price with the certification 100 MCQ
Just Exchange and communicate on-line have a relay-contact MS that qualifies our need technically and not that commercially this contact cleared us the MS world
price - visibility - access
+: developments and the opening are going in the right direction. -: the cloud seems somewhat overshadow everything else, even if it must have its full share.
-A store for pro applications - from CRM online for MPN licences (5, as with office 365) - IPv6 on Azure - that MS has finally decided to develop a true CMS like WordPress or Drupal but in .net
Products like me, the licensing of certain products model seems very complex
Microsoft demonstrated more openness, particularly in the .net ecosystem
Rationalization of the too many web site (msdn, partner, etc...): you get lost quickly. The ergonomics of the Partner site is to improve (slowness, difficulty in finding the right information)
Because the products are in line with our expectations
Nothing
Nothing. I think it is to improve us to
I know not
Longer available for managing the relationship
Increase the rewards on the cloud (and partner of record) products push SME end customers through partners
They are complementary
Licensing (especially activation)
technological innovations, ease of use
complicated cloud interface
safety integrated, policy update
partner relationship
Reseller assistance is rather good, the partner also program. But the products are becoming more expensive (Windows, Office) without increasing our margins, and especially the effort to install products is more and more important: more CDs of installation, while downloading, procedures for registration and activation heavy (creations of accounts Microsoft) and unpaid.
Simplify the sale and installation of the products. Improve the remuneration of Cloud products. Focus features to the cosmetic (Windows Server 2012, Windows 10)
Simplify software deployment procedures. Improve margins, in the cloud in particular. Do not deport the bracket to the distributors, not available or not relevant.
Windows 10 (PC and mobile) goes in the direction of simplification (a single OS for all devices).
Increase the market share in phone (Windows mobile 10)
+ tests
Analytics, search the web (80% of the market)
Thanks to the deployment of innovative Solutions, rich partner programs, online training practices
Rates
No major improvement so my position remains unchanged
More privileged communication
more communication by phone on business and technical aspect
More... easier telephonic access for partners...
Quality, safety, overall reliability of the solutions. Rich documentation Techniques and development. Retro good product compatibility. Almost no problems in shift or change versions. Only downside: abandonment of some excellent products such as TMG, DPM version not packaged,...
CLOUD = ENTERPRISE CLOUD not applicable for most businesses, liberal professions, health... The readability of the Enterprise versions must not be diluted with forward at any price of the Cloud by Microsoft.
SEO
This remains a good editor, but I find it lacks support for your products.
less intrusion in the data on the cloud or internet use
no contact with the general public the price of some services to let resellers practise their trade policy. for cloud use servers in the respective countries where the access are sold
be more present and more flexible
The products remain correct but salespeople aren't tuned and focus solely on major accounts. We have also been totally snobbe by commercial Surface at the IT Partners show this week...
Do not ignore small local computer resellers?
A better understanding of the market of SMEs / PMI: continuing Microsoft has ignore its local dealers... Improvement however: reps are more present but it is very uneven depending on the subjects. The case Surface: a clear positioning of the product and customer focused is not a luxury...
good soft / technos
Much progress but need more quality and improve the design.
Have impeccable products on the front-end. Although this is not technically the highest products, avoid errors on windows phone and tablets which are annoying. Provide "nickel" free products or not to propose...
Create professional user revenues which are abnormalities of everyday life, lists them, they are corrected and checks the improvement. Create high level design teams to simplify and dilute the interactions between applications and systems.
No. In areas where Google has made advance, Microsoft must be more rigorous and design. No products "about" by discounting a "beta test" public.
I do work on techno Micrsofot since nearly 15 years
In the world of mobile, the Windows system is not yet mature. Although technologically speaking, it takes the road, solution partners are not packaged to migrate all or part of their catalog of product on this support. This remains damaging.
More than close relationship
Good offer cloud: office365, Azur
Best quality on office 365
Do not remove some feature in a new version. Not completed products (One Drive for business)
simplify tariffs
Windows Phone appears in free fall: 1 single unit upscale, bit attractive, and a lack of involvement on the part of application developers. Pity, because it is an excellent product.
good product sales support that match was expected by the market
The big concern we have is the relationship with our customers when there are concerns about Office 365 and heaviness of communication with Microsoft technical service.
Marketing of Windows 10. Product well suited to the business, very stable. After Windows 8, which cost us a lot of money in maintenance customer, it is significant. We like when Microsoft is interested in its users.
Removal of the requirement to have a Microsoft account with a specific email for each version of office is installed
licensing programs are incomprehensible. Products to download rates are more expensive than the boxes! Install Office requesting a Microsoft account is perhaps relevant to an individual on the other hand it is completely ridiculous for a small business
Communication and training exchange.
Improvement of the partner site: too slow and little ergonomic
Software updates Quality Assurance
Licensing documentation / online licensing advisors
I always got answer to my questions.
Prices and reduce the time of dematerialised licensing
simplification of the process of improvement of portals and web sites MS product certification
develop applications cross-platform (call, Android, Windows phone) in c#
the relationship with MS products distributors is not simple. The range of products is sometimes too extended/cut and complex a handle
more ergonomic products
(Software, services and hardware) Microsoft's offer is very extensive and is available in products tailored to individuals and businesses. Of course, everything is not perfect, but the developments and improvements are noticeable
Increase the number of updates licences available under the partnership
-Improvement of Exchange/Office development (EWS, Office.js, Add-in office,...)-telephony development
Removal of the named account person associated with our partner account
I see less and less innovation in areas pertinent to our business.  It also becomes harder and harder to talk to someone for any reason over the years.
Give Gold Partners access to a person that has the knowledge and expertise to answer a wide variety of questions.
Licensing Microsoft products is an order of magnitude more difficult than any other vendor in our ecosystem.
An efficient and fully integrated CRM. I wanted to equip my company and offer to my clients but that will wait because I am not convinced of its performance. Your employees are not satisfied, it is quite disturbing that I me not likely.
It is mainly a matter of image in my opinion. Google offers an extensive series of accessible tools easily and free. the integration of all tools is easy and can be done by anyone. The weakness of Google lies in its security. Working with Google is a little poker... it is not known what will happen to the information later. Microsoft appears as a trusted third party. There is no hesitation to use it but the weakness is in use. Office 365 management is laborious for the novices and the integration of external products seems not so easy that we want. Neither better nor worse, Google and Microsoft are different. It is largely a matter of business strategy.
Microsoft is very active lately including the Community open source. Microsoft developers now use the same technologies than their counterparts of the open world source. Windows 10 is also a very great success in terms of OS.
It is impossible to say that Visual Studio 2015 is a success in terms of stability. Update 1 has corrected a number of points. For Windows 10 Mobile, not would it not released prematurely with Lumia 950/950XL? Windows Phone 8.1 was a model of stability to its output.
As a partner, we are gently set abreast of developments planned by Microsoft, but I'd more regularity in these communications.
Simplification of the different portals (a unified interface!)
Clear marketing position towards its partners. All portals work the same way and are easy to understand.
Heaviness of the management of the partnership for a company of our size.
Simplify licensing programs
Windows 10 is a great solution.
Advance on Windows mobile 10.
Office 365 and new services
simplification of licensing
Simpler to understand and sell licences
low price
More light solution (Hyper-V) and more stable
More reliable and simpler
More attention to the specific needs of users
Problems to solve
Being closer to the 'small' partners.
Taking account of the 'small' partners
Good support for support tickets but extremely long response time...
Do not change partners every year.
No significant problem
Simplification of dismissing
The Marketing program and supports for sale are very good qualities. The information is still available.
The Lead generation
Lead generation for its partners
Most innovative and with a concern for simplicity that Microsoft did not.
More openness. More positive commercial aggressiveness
Price
Price
Price
student prices
user fills from windows 98
The new binding features of Windows 10 and its policy of espionage and monopoly of the software
Windows 10 is not satisfactory d many bugs are still present. A professional title we have not need all the gadgets that has Windows 10. One-Drive could be much more convenient and perform.
I am in the Insider program. I am glad DD Microsoft. Thank you.
Impeccable
Simplify the com, clarify
More flexible offer
ergonomics
Simpler
LICENSE MANAGEMENT IS WORSE AND WORSE
COMMUNICATE TRAINING
MANAGEMENT OF THE LICECNES
To be clearer in its solutions, adopt a more accessible language
I am overall satisfied Microsoft but some points could be improved.
Better tracking of devices using their technology (for example users of Windows Phone who feel somewhat abandoned).
Better integration of windows phone, office 365 mobile office, upgrade of continuum, better quality of apps (I have more than 15 000 contacts on my phone and search often takes more than 45 secs)
Closer to customers needs and feed backs
Maintenance of certain products and promoting Windows Phone users.
Make products better fit to needs, move closer to phone continuum and cloud
restore the support on XP
More support XP.
BAD POLITICAL COMMERCIAL. LOOKS LIKE MORE A APPLE BUT IN WORST LACK OF FREEDOM
TOTALLY OPEN A L PURCHASER
Make better edge. Exit Windows 10 mobile make the calendierb compatible ical
The tools are the job. I am however waiting for Windows 10 mobile
decrease its prices
Have real commercial not resellers
Because facing the giant that you are the family enterprise user I am seems to be a prey at the mercy of your decisions!
Access cheaper as Office software with a license per PC and not 3 as in the past because not possible work with office 365 online.
?
A pleade d application on windows phone
Lot of useful aplication
Windowsphone too little d application
Inover
Being within reach of small users still in their mother tongue
GIVE TRUE FREEDOM
XP support
improving Outlook, its research system and simplify the common tasks of research of contactsr. The confidentiality of cloud?
simplify does number of cliques for Office more particularly Excel.
very few uses
prkoblemes with Surface mose pro on standby. difficulties of the Tablet PC a passage. Outlook contacts too complicated.
innovation
Because mobile services10 happens very soon
Rearrange Microsoft France: put retired the "old" that reason as in the 1980s and are running Microsoft
Young people dream of working for Google. Microsoft does not dream the young.
Avoiding rumors, true/false, no matter: doubt is there and moved
Better integration between Windows Phone, Office 365 Cloud, and Office on the PC. Continue to improve Office 365 Cloud closer available on PC for Outlook features
In my previous reply I said that I thought that Oracle was a supplier equivalent to Microsoft, not best...
I JUST SPENT MY BUSINESS ON WINDOWS 10. IT WORKS VERY WELL. I STUDIED THE PASSAGE ON OFFICE 365.
Microsoft offers innovative products and still equipped with the equipment of our company.
Through provision of TPE and SMEs a customer service and commercial dedicated accessible quickly and easily by phone or e-mail
Tie!
Be reachable easily by telephone when necessary (via a customer service that supports all of the products and services offered by Microsoft.)
Charitable actions, more jobs for engineers fresh graduates
For the number of services offered, in particular the drive very practical when there are several pc/tablets
Take into account this type of survey, it would be a good start.
BY BEING MORE CLEAR ON THE PRODUCTS AND DO NOT IMPOSE ALL ITS PROGRAMS WITH THE SOFT
facilitate telephone communications, avoid relocations in Morocco...
Troubleshooting help help use helps the commissioning by interlocutors speaking French and that can communicate technically on your products with performance and be able to take over the PC to help us.
I have purchased a Microsoft software Windows 10 Tablet and I pay monthly office 365. But I have not found your customer service of good quality.
See my previous thinking quality in French service.
I don't have sufficient competence in this field
Reliability despite a few incidents
Microsoft products are closer to users than before.
Question of person. my interlocutor at Oracle is more available.
More technical training online in french. Some missing basic features of Windows mobile 10 (the volume of the headphones for example buttons support)
The quality of the tools, their integration, ease of implementation. Bizspark
Our 950 Lumia are defective 10 binding windows update
Be listening to its customers
Installation fonctionbe
Reliability! Why in yet. Blue screens on windows 10 or a win 10 (lumia 950) phone that can be read from 30s before giving hand has the user?
Bug windows 10 mite on lumia 950 even a phone must operate without rebooting every 30 minutes. Problem office 365 with link one note instead of attaching attachments which put me in difficulty screws a screws of the RSSI of a client
Understand the needs of smaller customers such as offers families
Personally ? Spending caps on Azure accounts.  Professionally ? Make license acquisition and use simpler.
Every time I have to deal with Microsoft (as opposed to using Microsoft products) : Azure support, Azure Billing APIs, updating MSDN subscriptions... I'm glad I don't have to do it too often.
Improve the aforementioned issues. Surveys like this one are also good, if they are followed through.
Don't break the Azure Billing API every two months. When using Azure for personal use, let me set a cap on spending, so I don't have to live in fear of a sudden $10k charge on my card when typical spending is $0.50. Don't make me jump through hoops to access my MSDN license (hoops include: having to go back to my initial access confirmation e-mail from 2014).
Very good support from Microsoft that proved to be very proactive.
Simplify its licensing system.
Quality of services and availability of interlocutors.
The partnership is a marketing asset and an undeniable advantage in terms of licenses. Only negative point technical support is not the level for partners (5 tickets included in the partnership are useless in their current form).
Ensure better support on its products specifically for partners.
Simplify the licensing, upgrades, etc.
Improvement of the partner margins.
Further enhance stability (which has made big strides) better test products
I have more WFP since Mr Willy DeWulf! I stopped to say, but nobody will ever hear me...  It's sad :(... Living in a city make me an animal you want to not show in the sphere of IT? I did not great school and I think that makes fear to people accustomed to "analysis" plugs, and it is a pity... Since 2010, I am in partnership with you, I attended the Techdays, one or two sessions in Issy les Moulineaux, spent my time to promote solutions, non-stop, for 5 years, and it has sometimes surprises even on social networks, on the part of some of the accounts that meet the illogical "stuff" at the limit "That is what you want?" and when it's more about an account that makes the support , and that it is the automatic adjustment of "answering machine" on twitter... It is a pity...  It is then arranged to leave the perimeter of the account in question... I will not bother your inge's and teams. I do my taff, in my corner... solo...
Since a concern with regulation of my MAP abo, I'm completely unmotivated by the delay that this has caused in my operations and I admit not yet resumed the crease that was mine from 2010... In addition, the King on coud it public won't me and distributors refused me all, and ACTEBIS got same vire, in the beginning, citing "insufficient sales volumes", then after the takeover not ALSO, following many reminders from me, have contacted me telling me that it was a problem of safety of their management tools, me nt asked to return my folder (me nothing has changed in terms of status, SIRET, etc...) but have me by elsewhere more never RECONTACTYE, while they began to send me emails relating to the MSP, for example... Ingram, do not talk! They me treated nt as a less than nothing and me nt also slid for a long time in their files until I asked, repeatedly, to remove myself from this file...) It cannot be said that I was not patient and courteous, this situation lasts for more than two years now... and this has impacted my entire economic model!  I regret almost have never embraced the course of partnerships...  If I had stayed independent artisan without a partner, I'd certainly less "known" electronically, but I could participate in the household expenses, which is no longer the case for a very long...  I plan to stop my activities in this form. For my part, I would have done what I could, and much more...  I have no health coverage or social whatsoever. All this has reduced me instead of me growing up.
Y' has for Oranges & co. in the case studies of partners... it is on, at this rate, you could not found the confidence of customers!  in fact, I sometimes have the impression that we (small) presents the stuff, and that customers take them IT wholesalers that have names larger than ours or their usual software which continues to make crazy margins, while only the solo are running out, and without them had to load phase awareness pre accession...   Is perhaps the cycle of the business that wants it... and we see that the placing on the market or at least communication is not the strong point of all wholesale, not even to observe the accounts of distributors, and for some, the pages of their sites...  Distributors... HAAAA... :(... some showed up without domain and IP sites such as link... It is... to say revise also their sites, it gives not want to register as a client, for purposes of sales... and side Business dynamism, if the offers don't come from brands, they do nothing actually...  One would want to provide a few hours of webdesign at some... Especially the last year, with the addition of the n of them as PSM I think, if I remember correctly, with a site to do not watch almost for "health" reasons! A shame that this site was when I visited it... A shame! with a flashy purple-violet but a little dirty, and a presentation that made me realize that it was necessary that I stop me to invest on the public sharepoint I animais... If we accept people like that in the industry, my small site of little guy could not do any harm... and some of our partners do not update content or is outdated content and this is a remnant of my sailing past, which themselves are much diminished around the Microsoft ecosystem. All this has contributed to a very strong demotivation.
Live PASSSONS on all references at least, as on the Office365 principle, it would be at least more livable! We want more sale of boxes anyway... But the principle of affiliations, including an ongoing with tradedoubler, does not compensate for! CEE is not the same "stamping" and highlighting of the partnership is not mandatory... at least split this channel in creating specific for the partners would be a plus! Also, tools CNET/digital Campaigns, are well, but... If there is no distributor, it is more the com' ultimately, marketing to you and the other resellers, with no benefit and so a sad futility at my level... well, since I became a partner, I followed the info and recommendations, as I already pointed several times on the forms of satisfaction surveys that ask me to inform I have almost always fact, except from end of 2015, but I do AI never summer accepted on the LinkedIn partners France, totally farm group pages! It's almost sectarian and this rejection by a lack of response on several years begins to produce its effects... I do not understand it...
advantage of training and briefs offered to partners
RAS
Openness to the world 'OPEN'
more clarity in the licensing policy
Mastery of the UNIX platform
BETTER UNDERSTAND THE LOGICS OF RESALE
We have no time to manage really all features and facilities offered by Microsoft to judge overall.
No immediate opinion.
Little telephone relationship, lack of contact
best relationship with partners
create partner communities
The partnership always provides us with tools/licenses for us train/test/develop Microsoft technologies we offer our clients.
Little benefit for us
A part of our offer concerning products MS. developments We would like to have more benefits (licensing VS / Office / Azure / etc.)
Few contacts and not d listens. Forcing for the sale of products of the 365
Endeavour has put solutions sold to the same level as hosted solutions.
A better translation, whether in surveys, support or in newsletters. The command lines are translated on technet for several years. On this survey, the previous question means strictly nothing.
Better finish these product installations. Provide better tracking of non-cloud products
Simplify followed it orders and the use of open licenses. Why should call in some cases to have the license keys?
Not necessarily adapted to our structure
Ease of use, touch to everything, very modern image.
Provision of information and technical documentation for POC for customers or prospects.
Reduce the price of the licences.
Simplified and faster installation more transparency in the products configuration
Equipment
We had degraded on Office 365 performances that could be resolved with time and a lot of energy. We remain on the positive aspect of this resolution even though we have the wait several weeks to achieve. In this sense our vision has changed because we thought not being able to obtain improvements our requests. We found that this is not the case and that Microsoft takes into account the grievances of all its partners, small as big.
Establish a close by we dedicating an accessible technical cell. The support should be customized as much as possible
A better closeness to MS technical teams
Communicate in advance the roadmap for its partners and power as a partner to propose areas for improvement. We are at the end of the string and feel "suffer" the upgrades and new features.
no change
Virtualization!
Openness to other platforms (Apple, Android, Linux)
By simplifying the different tools offered to partners (1 single web portal for example)
I am satisfied with the functionality and reliability of the products.
The pre-sales support
Good products and overall a relational good. It is just a pity to have lost our Microsoft referent for any questions on the Gold partnership in case of concern (including certification of applications)
A privileged venue for the various areas + a referent of the new dev techno oriented site to allow developers to see what's new and thus consider formed
I n not appreciate the system of partnership linked to the product area that I find too stringent. The AER partnership is also not very efficient from my point of view.
Stick closer to the reality of the french market for SOHO and small SMEs
Microsoft must understand its partners (volumes, opportunities) markets, offer higher margins to its partners (margins, particularly on the "Cloud" products are far too low to attract partners (this is my point of view).) Personally I release more leeway with the product not Cloud of Microsoft, which does not commit me to go more towards cloud with Microsoft
Broader scope of my point of view on the part of AWS
Always impact prices
PRICE LESS STUDENTS
We are generally satisfied with Microsoft products.
The management of licensing in virtualized environments.
the developer environment is more active. Due to the strong Open Source component.
Microsoft pushes the sale of its products cloud but we prevented to sell licenses windows or office and reserves the rights its big clients.
She does me prevents not sell licenses on servers hosted.
We need to be able to sell the server hosts in datacenter without transfer of license Windows and office to host l. This creates for us a big loss of turnover.
Hypervision most accomplished but less simple to manage
Better vision for windows 10
RAS
Available interlocutors.
I do not see what improvement it could be. I wish that trajectory continues.
Simplification of the offer. Partnership policy more favourable to the small non-certified gold partners...
Simplify the Microsoft Partner site and the countless menu, submenu and redirection... Too many opportunities kill efficiency.
Opening of the products. More provided AppStore.
Opening to iPhone, Android
Give greater visibility to products publishers partners
Improve the ergonomics of the partner sites
the interlocutors have with power, not just commercial stakeholders
dedicated and competent interlocutors
all the web part and web, android tools
better follow-up on the part of Microsoft to us even small partners like me
simplification of licensing and simplification of the management of the Partner Network (too many site web on the right, to the left, we no longer know where to give head and I think we're missing lots of resource or other very interesting by ignorance of their existence)
I do not know what is Microsoft Operations
Stop remove features and when you call technical support to say that there is more functionality, have to explain many times to many interlocutors that we are looking, to be told at the end "sorry, do you outside Microsoft, we do not know if the feature will return someday..."
Improve development partnerships for mobile application (W10M) with great actors whose isn't a priority (Samsung Security...)
Greater simplicity in terms of licensing, simplicity for the one best drive shares taking account of complex excel files in Excel online
Google apps for business of medium-sized firms have preferred the Google solution for its fluidity and ease of use compared to Office 365! Much friendly month for the level of sharing cloud... And sold live by gGoogle...
On the whole I am satisfied but I expect more follow-up on the part of Microsoft.
Listen more, a true relationship followed by of true commercial Microsoft. A follow-up in the long term.
Contact sustainable for a follow-up in time and well understand the strategy and Microsoft's offer.
A true contact one person dedicated to our group to which I belong (EURABIS). We have supported but no tracking, change too, experience without sustainability.
Good products and evolution on the cloud but it remains difficult to raise technical pb
Before I had the impression that Microsoft had provided more resource.  I don't have that impression now.  I think the new MVA (a big part of our Learning resources) is not as good as the old.
more and better  live events for developers in paris.  Better partner directory to help us find local partnes (pin point is not effective).
easier access to training.
clear training policies.  software bundling, better integration with Microsoft logos.
Google maps is better than bing maps.  The Chrome "developer tools" are better than those found in IE/Edge.
Problem of communication on new products. Delay windows 10 phone, delay windows server 2016, delay windows 10 rs1. And side pub/marketing always 0/20 mostly on Windows phone. Microsoft software available on iOS or Android and not available on Windows Phone! Cà both technically advanced but still a "metro" delayed or you miss the train. And say that you were no. 1 of smartphones with Windows Mobile and now 1-3% of VIPs! And the "tablet PC" too top and poorly exploited. Etc... There are the best, but always frustration...
Too many problem with onedrive suite business office 365
A Microsoft Partner simpler, faster site, a windows 10 more simple (too many scattered parameters in lots of different menu) and a ONEDRIVE BUSINESS that works!
Secure reliable products. Marketingintelligent.
Monitoring of the process of sale ingram
more: best opening to the world least: you force clients (exchange migration to use Outlook 2016) has evolve or go on the cloud
Resume technical meetings that were organized with Pierre Chesne
My opinion was already very good
Even more security on the software. Other products innovative and essential such as the Tablet Surface. More affordable prices to Windows Azure. More availability of marketing teams and technical.
More availability and responsiveness. Teams are still under water and are struggling to answer us when needed.
It cannot be said that it is best. It is notoriety which is better. It seems more innovative, proactive and less expensive in the eyes of the general public. Microsoft would in my view rather orientated companies. But it is still expensive.
-Satisfied because some products are excellent (the Windows Server family, including)-not satisfied because certain products or practices are aberrations (Windows 8, or the policy of partnership for 'small' partners) - even less satisfied by the lack of support structure to help us solve problems (whatever they may be). - And still less satisfied by a general impression of "is as çà and not otherwise", or "sell, and shut up".
Put in place a structure that takes into account our real and practical problems, and which makes minimal effort to try to find concrete and realistic solutions (Equivalent of the old "satcli"). Currently, when problem there, everyone disappears, saying: "It is not in my powers". Basically, "this case has not been planned, démerdez you". If this type of behavior is the rule in software lire / free, it is not acceptable for sold very expensive commercial solutions!
Provide a service that is listening to our concrete problems in the daily implementation of solutions, and that deploys a minimum of effort to try to find solutions realistic, applicable on our clients Park.
Propose rather than impose. Cease to impose solutions, user interface, including. Example: the interface "to tile" Windows 10, the "banners" of Office, "forced" updates of Windows 10. The word important in "user interface", it is "user". Propose innovative solutions, and leave the choice to the user to adopt or not according to its own constraints. Don't take it for what it is not, by imposing solutions, because you are smarter than him, and that you know better that him estimate what is good for him!
Much too complicated licensing programs, and that change too often! So complicated that neither MS France officials nor support wholesalers, have solution to very specific special cases that person has provided (for example: mixed environments with local servers and servers hosted in a shared manner). Here again, we have another solution to make the "miscut ribs", because the solution we need has not been provided!
I am particularly pleased about what Microsoft is doing for developers. My opinion is particularly positive on Visual Studio and .net.   My only regret is the lack of democratization of Windows 10 mobile and the blunder on the part of application porting Android to Windows mobile 10 to finally focus on migration from iOS. It is for me one of the reasons that developers can continue to be demotivated to wear their applications on Windows mobile 10.
Windows 10 - Edge
Listening to its customers
unchanged is not dissatisfied with
Policy sales of inappropriate "surfaces".
Pricing and free training
Clearer information
Direct market access
more accessible support
more support and easily accessible
IBM support is more readily available. The documentation is line is clearer and easily searchable.
Following the opening of an incident to the support that there is a faster follow-up of the incident and a periodic report on the activities carried out this support to see the progress.
I have worked for more than 30 years in the microsoft environment, I've seen them evolve from the beginning, I am a Microsoft partner currently and I have not access to some platforms I would like to commercialize on the pretext that I am not entitled... I put in place at the time that customer a Microsoft CRM with microsoft Business service in my old group participation, and today in times that partner, I have not the right to market is what a person certified Dynamics CRM know more than an IT Director having put in place this tool on 20 subsidiaries in the world...? Open opportunities to partners.
The material range... nearest service partners.
quality azure
more attention to the products of the partners and their promotion and knowledge in MS teams
The involvement of the Microsoft teams we was another licence to integrate the COSN, the CSP and enjoy the adtions of co-marketing.
Making SharePoint a flagship product that also inevitable that subsequently become Office. However the new version 2016 more complex product rather than simplify. We are concerned about the strategy on Infopath and SharePoint Designer. Mircosoft must absolutely maintain exploitablent mode on-premise products. Without false with its Clouds offers a necessarily in door. The hybrid mode will be the one of the future and the win-win between MS and its dealers.
Good products but the partnership is too complicated
The partner site remains somewhat unclear. Many click to arrive to desired menus (support in particular).
TypeScript and Angular JS integration tools
not sufficiently taking into account realities and needs,
Listen to the needs of the field
Pay more attention to the investments not only quantitative and qualitative
Very responsive and efficient support
Simplify and generalize access to the training products. Provide documentation in French.
Ease of access to products and ease of use
policy change screws a screws of the licences
RAS
Even if it is complicated, a better involvement on the part of Microsoft would be a plus
No, being pioneer amazon need to time a Microsoft
It is difficult to join Microsoft screws a screws of opportunity among our customers. A communication interface would be a plus.
the reputation of amazon services
More privileged contact Microsoft support despite our GOLD competency level.
Support custom in the cloud skills, followed by the partnership, helps for Fast track etc.
less complex programs, avoid the mutliplicite of supports, guides, tools where information is drowned
new products
Microdoft clear tools and staff is very present to learn and act
Simplification of sites, including MSDN and the partner site
Came it from Satya Nadella at instils a great breath of fresh air. The policy of openness of the platforms is a great party. A lot of that hardware and software innovations, so that is in struggling to keep pace.
Sometimes more advanced documentation on certain products, including Datazen for the most recent.
Nothing, they are not the same thing. The approach is different.
No contact
free training
You crazy summers
You're always on your cloud...
Discuss with your partners base find win-win solutions
Hello, I appreciate Microsoft products and strategy of communication and sharing of these products. Ex: SharePoint communicates with Exchange with the CRM with Lync,... The cloud of Microsoft products versions offer new features. Thank you.
Simplify its offer. Too much product.
administrative burdens
simplify the cloud offer
simplest pricing
We appreciate the relationship of trade and services, partnership with Microsoft
Microsoft is an obvious partner for any company in our position, with a software universe historically strong to the corporate world. However, it appears recent years various hesitations or lack of clarity in the policy deployed by Microsoft, with some products that are or have been slow to come out.
make some tools or management consoles, offering sometimes frustrating and abnormal behaviors.
interlocutor dedicated: Laurent Penisson
more link between the Microsoft sales force and partners
regional contacts
link in the region with the PAM
Quality of service
Provision of a live interlocutor for tenders from base as "Action Pack"
Support for Office 365 is a cry
Take into account feedback and requests for partners and customers
Take into account problems and the needs of the customers
Take into account problems and the needs of the customers
Simplify the licensing model
Provide documents in French partners. Bing translation is quite effective on sites, but is not offered everywhere. However some documents are not translatable (Training AEP)
More companion projects especially those related to the new features (e.g. Surface, mobility, Intune, MDM...) and which are not controlled by standard resellers or even by usual wholesalers
Contacts Microsoft names
The overall management of multiple VM
Too many communications in English. In particular, videos could be captioned; especially the training videos.
More widespread use of languages other than English. The french for what concerns us. Captioning of videos, even in English, would be welcome. This would greatly increase the ease of use of the proposed resources and access to information.
For non-anglophones, better availability of documents in English into other languages.
Very well done, partner site program university for the partner very well provided. On the other hand, on the lines of product type PowerBI are very educational. The supplied for the AVV and support brackets are rather well done also.
Live accompaniment or follow-up contact/contact. Supply of lead?
Supply of leads.
Communicates leads.
I have the marketing tools but the references and prices remain very complicated
Improve the legibility of offers, rates, references products.
have a technical sales representative
improve the readability of its offerings
Clear product information, presentations, loans, financing, support
Quality of the partnership
?
search engine - big data - Android - R & D - Pub and SEO
My only dissatisfaction is the complexity in finding the right information even on the Partner Network. It seems to me that there are too many different, often similar programs and product information are so widely dispersed and inaccessible quickly.
Greater visibility of the "doors" of different partner programs and clarified by the Partner network access
Extend the duration of the beta test by gradually correcting the "bugs" before the release of the commercial version
A better technical picture
Purchase several Lumia, 2 shelves Surface and problem is repetition. More I test return every day for 4 months a Lumia 735 in SAV without success (already advantage but income with the same problem) because supposedly a computing bug on the device support site...
I have 14 certifications microsoft since 2002 alone in the company I has only the registered Partner level. You have to pay to go up. With 2 MCSE etc... I find it more than shame.  Only the MAPS is very useful and allows to train me new solutions. A bit of PLV Windows 10 would not have been too much either...
CDN
responsive and innovative
The partner site is changing too often. It is each time more complex search where to find links to find the contained the most used. Regularly the language of your site partner change during navigation.
Simpler licensing
Licensing more simple simpler web Sites (partner)
Simpler licensing
Development around Open Source. Much better communication.
Tariff of licences whatever increases. The specific demands of rating provides no additional benefit. The partner site is too complex. I'm waiting for more than two years to find a way to order the Goodies and other media sales and demo for the showroom, without success.
Comment on a previous page. Please refer to it.
Have a people to dedicate as much for the technical side as commercial.
To simplify trade relations, should dedicate a person.
This is not Microsoft to impose my choices. If I want to install Windows 10, I want to do freely when I decide. Microsoft forcing is unbearable.
(1) that it is not seeking to impose its choice 2) to respect the freedoms of each
Respect for users, publication of the sources of windows 10 under free license.
More communication for a few months. More information partners
More benefits on Dynamics AX and CRM aspects. It remains difficult to promote these products without being partner ERP. And be partner, to sell solutions.
I had need of accurate information on the part of Microsoft and I had of relatively simple faço
compatibility between versions
Diversity of application areas
Good products with good ergonomics
No reason to not be satisfied
None
Have a guide on the choice of licences with the ref. and rates
Call us see in our premises to make one point annual
commissioning of O365 sale a review. Non-compliance with commitments.
product reliability
For me the strength of Microsoft lies in the packaging of its products and integration. I mainly use development tools, and I appreciate the ease of integration of the entire software production, from conception to operation, passing by the accommodation in Azure. Very comfortable and safe. Therefore very seller.
For immediate satisfaction, better management of the SSO between Azure platform manager, visual studio online services and sharepoint on microsoft online services. A program of integrated basic offers Azure support would make me very fun also (ticketing, free with an SLA down, of course) simple consideration of the SMTP server in IIS.
More on-demand services, as is the case on Azure, an accompaniment to the pre-sales process more accessible, the presence of the editor, in addition to the prospective partner is a more common in competition (Adobe, Oracle...)
Apparent (and even sometimes effective) free tools, the side "web native" (I think google docs vs. sharepoint for collaboration, gmail vs outlook or outlook online), browsers (chrome is far superior to IE from a point of view support for consumer web sites, IE user comfort is more deplorable)
Our company turns to the cloud, out the pricing of the offer microsoft AZURE is RIDICULOUSLY expensive (but really shockingly overpriced, if this was that 2 times more expensive surely would remain on on microsoft, but in our case it is between 50 and 500 x more expensive than amazon aws...) compared with AWS... so we are trying to rewrite all our code of the Node.JS .NET and completely abandon microsoft technologies to switch everything on AMAZON AWS
Our company turns to the cloud, out the pricing of the offer microsoft AZURE is RIDICULOUSLY expensive (but really shockingly overpriced, if this was that 2 times more expensive surely would remain on on microsoft, but in our case it is between 50 and 500 x more expensive than amazon aws...) compared with AWS... so we are trying to rewrite all our code of the Node.JS .NET and completely abandon microsoft technologies to switch everything on AMAZON AWS
Our company turns to the cloud, out the pricing of the offer microsoft AZURE is RIDICULOUSLY expensive (but really shockingly overpriced, if this was that 2 times more expensive surely would remain on on microsoft, but in our case it is between 50 and 500 x more expensive than amazon aws...) compared with AWS... so we are trying to rewrite all our code of the Node.JS .NET and completely abandon microsoft technologies to switch everything on AMAZON AWS
Our company turns to the cloud, out the pricing of the offer microsoft AZURE is RIDICULOUSLY expensive (but really shockingly overpriced, if this was that 2 times more expensive surely would remain on on microsoft, but in our case it is between 50 and 500 x more expensive than amazon aws...) compared with AWS... so we are trying to rewrite all our code of the Node.JS .NET and completely abandon microsoft technologies to switch everything on AMAZON AWS
Best strategy
Microsoft does not allow his partner to have their product demos versions easily as surfaces we are Microsoft partners for more than 20 years, we are convinced of the quality of the products, we make the pub, but Microsoft does not reward its partners should commit to a sale of 50 machines to have a copies in demo version It is a shame, by comparison HP allows resellers to have demo versions without commitment of sale and renewable every 6 months, result we are equipped in HP and all our clients also since they can realize products during our visits
Allow partners to buy versions demonstration without commitment to purchase what will automatically good advertising for their products and gifts of additional winds we can sell surfaces since very little time before we buy surfaces for our needs than the public at Fnac charge what is really shameful (20 years of partnership for nothing)
Allow partners to have real benefits and be really concerned
rather satisfied because I love Microsoft's technologies, but not completely satisfied because some techie are quickly abandoned or not followed
respond to technical questions
having the technical answers by phone (2 or 3 per year) as this was previously (partner Action Pack)
access to services by phone is not satisfactory, it is rarely found good interlocutor directly; see ever. For example the service area Club.
Improve partner relationship
have a real unique and direct interlocutor for answering the questions of the partners; or at least able to play the role of link between all Microsoft services.
Products are more stable. It also appears that Microsoft starts better thinking about professional practice.
Microsoft could distribute a list of the skills of its partners to ensure a more effective internal advertising.
Think that its partners are not necessarily computer sellers as well as consultants in areas that may not be those of Microsoft
Simplify complexity by avoiding of wanting to have the same system or the same solutions on fixed, portable, touch or not, computers, phones etc...
Nothing. Both are less good solutions and looking for ways to compel their clients to fully depend on them.
Some product progress
Surface distribution policy
Open distribution Surface Maps subscription gives us access to the old software (it was the front case with Technet)
Do not force the Xbox style applications has settled on pro versions!
QUALITY SERVICE TECHNIQUE AND LAMENTABLE SINCE SUPPORT IT IS CONVERGYS
THAT IT PROVIDES A TECHNIQUE WORTHY OF THE NAME SERVICE
A NORMAL TECHNICAL SERVICE WOULD BE A TRUE HAPPINESS
Can back technical, not an interlocutor that we contact. Difficult to have a contact at microsoft. I am disappointed with the relational...
What it me contact at 06-95-26-71-81, because I am really dissatisfied with the general functioning, I wish to have a call.
More attentive and more present to assist the implementation of new tools to discover.
Huge qualitative decline in technical support
change of provider support
Android in simpler products general
Hardware ;-)
There is more contact with the partner network.
Simplify its licences
Make simpler licensing
Good communication. Opening to the world of Open Source
As an ISV specialized in digital transformation to the Microsoft Cloud in the Enterprise space, I find it more and more difficult to engage with Microsoft
Engaging on the EPG segment
Sales engagement on the EPG segment
Facilitate engagement with the commercial teams EPG: ATS, STU it is much too different roles and nobody does ownership the partner relationship is much too focused on the pure software players and not enough on the horizontal ISV ecosystem. Cronyism prevail too on the programmatic approach, which makes the effectiveness of the commercial act with Microsoft very inefficient.
Best price in IaaS
Relations are cordial and we get across to work in harmony.
Put at our disposal (for the Learning part) of the labs that work correctly. It is not acceptable to be the 5th version of the 20346 because GST bogus course, this should be tested in advance. We give a deplorable customers image while it is one of the flagship of the programme tools.
Possible two points: firstly improve the quality of media courses and labs provided, then stop to approve new training on part Learning centre, our market lost annually between 10 and 20%.
I'm talking about are the MOC courses made available. There are serious efforts to make this side: labs bogus, approximate translations, obsolete links.
Dynamics NAV support is more directed in France, those who poses a problem on issues linked to the French law.
-Simplification of the licences - price Reduction system - less bugs
More free services
Less and less profitability because of the Cloud. More and more complicated and twisted. Poor commercial follow-up => Waltz of unnecessary interlocutors who arrive and disappear...
Simplify things, bring us + profitability as well as a reliable commercial follow-up and perenne
Always the same refrain: simpler and more cost-effective. Make the elements necessary for the marketing of products for free (training, examinations, software demo or internal use). There is a large imbalance between the investments necessary for our level and profitability that emerges.
Product quality and good coverage of the besoisns
facilitate access to support after sale dedicated to resellers
Improve the translations of technical documentation
clearly define dedicated interlocutors
the API and documentation, search engine, rates
Most suitable administrative tools - best Support
It would be valuable to have access to the most encountered bugs currently and the prediction of their resolution. Example: Many problem with OneDrive company and no visibility on the stabilization of this product.
waste of time burdens administrative difficulties in finding good interlocutor...
has you see
Response on issues has improved and has generally become easier for us to resolve problems.
A bit more personal contact would help grow the relationship
Make the access to partner web sites simpler and improve the performance of these web sites
Nothing really. 
As a client oem server we have no contact on the part of the service OEM server in France. We are obliged to place orders with our AR we provided to the CD. We have no information about the road-map for Microsoft oem server products. We are very disappointed with Microsoft's conduct vis-à-vis our partnership.
be faithful with its partner clients and not neglect them.
Software House in computer management and integrator of a management software Editor, our added value based development around database and business intelligence
Improve the communication and commercial follow-up with the reseller
Already to start may have the count and the list actually used licenses...  From the time or has not been counting we even initially (and that this is not necessarily followed correctly) you never know or is...  Or only when trying and one finds oneself to potentially toutbloquer! Very handicapping! And no possible forecast/sizing based on needs/changes/requests...  If necessary be able to recycle them quickly and simply for recycling or post/server decommissioning.  And be able to be notified, or same reminds, explicitiment and sufficient time in advance on the licences used to arriving at expiry (i.e. not included in the partnership agreement) and have time for flip-flops/migration where appropriate...  Have clear visibility on the licences and rights (Production, training, development).  And it is already a good start...
help me communicate among customers because that is not our job.
newsletter simple prepared that we could use for clients: target SMEs, TPE. Thank you
Integration and branding so easier for sale and more expensive...
Simplification of the system of licence
Simplification of the licensing system
Because when there are changes, for example in CRM Online, you don't communicate enough. We now have features we were not even aware we had, the system is more than slow, we have all sorts of error messages and reports that don't work, etc. 
Communicate more with customers and offer clear and easy escalation paths in case we have issues on products. 
We should be able to give ideas on the products we use directly from Office 365, and receive updates if these are taken into account or not. We should also have, in Office 365, a list of known issues per product and resolution ETA's. Right now, this part is not transparent at all and we are at the mercy of support.
Degradation of service Support. Whether it's on the service Support Partner or "classic"
I'm Partner Microsoft also I have accompanied many customers (belonging to the same National Group) on the MS solutions (cloud and local). My assessments are based so not on my only experience.   &gt; Have a competent Support service and reagent Ex: file open in 2015-12-17 remained unanswered during + one month despite X reminders. After a "choppy recovery" (this one), 1st contact MS 09/02/2016 (still ongoing case at this date).   &gt; Stop the conflicting information between sales department and technical or between Support Partner and Support Classic. Ex: Affirmation of Support Partner that the "ODT" solution is not usable on any Pack Business Premium while it is possible (confirmed by the classic Support).  &gt; "Engineers" Technique that have mastered the operation of Cloud solutions. Ex: Ticket opened for months remained in the analysis phase... &gt; (Important) technical accompaniments custom ex Partners: following the Decree of the French State on regionalization, I have 22 (22 separate entities) customer sites that need to "merge" to become 9 client sites (9 entities). Each of these 22 customers have their own Office 365 (Exchange Online or Business Premium) solution which they term "merge". Today, in addition to a manual migration process that will require a huge time on its implementation (loss of money for us and our clients + loss of credibility on the Cloud MS solutions), there is no solution proposed by Microsoft to these Partner to automate these mergers between these Cloud solutions (it is amazing that there not there anticipation and official communication from Microsoft France for their customers pursuant to this Decree).
That Microsoft offers me a viable solution to merge environments Office365 of our customers who will have to regionalize (Decree French law). NB: By viable I mean not a manual migration solution.
By having a "custom" contact.  A person dedicated to our customer file.  We practice this type of report with our partnership with DELL, Completel, Orange Pro, Nerim, Lifesize, Misco, etc. and relations are excellent.
being in contact with microsoft
less bugs
have someone at Microsoft, because side wholesaler (techdata) can't nothing ask them
Seal of intentions
Place a Datacenter azur in France
Real open source with investment ++
Fewer complicated programs
Services provided product information portal partners licenses for internal use
The Windows as a service allows Windows Update monthly.
I am also satisfied as before
Cloud orientation.
Better pay channel.
The network. The partner program. Pre-sales support.
Expected services are always present.
Do not change policy.
Products marketed by our company simple to not work (Office 365)
more local presence
Develop services Cloud innovents
Delays, delays or lack of precision on Windows 10 Mobile and Microsoft Edge Extensions or Open Source .net.
cross-platform from .NET development
facilitate the physical contact with sales engineers: speed dating, cats, salons etc.
I'm already very satisfied and this has not changed
Only 'online' from Microsoft solutions are put forward
We regret the lack of advertising for our store. The prices are fairly high
Provide adequate POS to present to the customers
Perhaps a commercial record to allow a better knowledge of the products
Easier access partnership. Simplification of the licensing mode.
Best margin on the distribution of products
Personalized and direct service before sale